140	int.    the patient's room.    evening.

caravaggio is with the patient.  he sits in the window.  fiddles with 
the bandages of his hands.

			the patient
		there was a general who wore a patch
		over a perfectly good eye.  the men 
		fought harder for him.  sometimes i
		think i could get up and dance. 
		what's under your bandages?

caravaggio goes to him, holding out his hands, the bandage ends 
trailing.

			caravaggio
		hold the ends.

the patient holds them.  caravaggio walks backwards, the bandages 
unraveling and unraveling.  


141*.	int.  tobruk.  british headquarters.  june 1942.  day.

caravaggio, thumbs intact and wearing a crumpled linen suit, walks 
through the mangled corridors of british hq.  smoke is rising from 
buildings, the ominous scream of stuka dive-bombers in the distance as 
the harbor is pounded, the steady thud of explosions.  tobruk is under 
siege.  bhq is a place in the throws of dismantling itself.  
secretaries are visiting braziers manned by arab boys who stoke the 
fires as boxes of papers are fed into them.  ashes hover in the air.


142*.	int.   bhq.    tobruk.    day.

caravaggio walks through a large room crowded with desks.  from one of 
them, a young woman, aicha, kisses him, frowning at the chaos and the 
shelling.

			aicha
		he's waiting for you.

some doors are open, revealing men and women in uniform urgently 
shredding documents.  caravaggio knocks at an office whose door is ajar 
and where the incumbent, fenelon-barnes, is stripping the room of his 
personal possessions-  photographs, stone branches, a cricket bat.


142a*.	int.   fenelon-barnes office.   bhq.   tobruk.   day.

caravaggio enters.

			fenelon-barnes
				(barely looking up)
		what a bloody flap, eh?  i heard from
		alexandria this morning - apparently
		no-one there is accepting british pounds.
		and if you pick up a telephone 
		everybody's practicing their german.
				(holds up some gramophone records)
		what do you do - do you take these
		things?
				(then, awkward)
		look, moose, we need you to stay in
		tobruk.  a bit of a short straw but
		the thinking is we'll be back - i mean,
		we will be back - but...and in the
		interim we need eyes and ears on
		the ground.

a big bomb lands nearby.  the building shudders and plaster dust drops 
from the ceiling.  almost oblivious, the two men head out of the 
office.  fenelon-barnes lugs the trunk last glimpsed in his tent by 
almásy, until caravaggio takes over.


143*.	int. corridor of british headquarters. tobruk. day.

fenelon-barnes and caravaggio make their way down the stairs and to the 
entrance.

			caravaggio
		we have 30, 000 troops in tobruk.
		what are they going to be doing?

			fenelon-barnes
				(continuing to pack)
		giving rommel a bloody nose. that's
		my suggestion.  but did you hear
		the bbc last nigh?  tobruk is of no
		strategic importance - makes you wonder.

aicha is at the bottom of the stairs.  she falls into step.

			fenelon-barnes
		jerry's got our maps you know.  swines.
		before the war we helped them run about
		the desert making maps - and now they
		get spies into cairo using our maps, they'll
		get rommel into cairo using our maps.
		the whole of the desert like a bus route
		and we gave it to them.   any foreigner who
		turned up - welcome to the royal geographic,
		take our maps.  madox went mad, you know -
		you knew peter madox? - after he found
		out he'd been betrayed by his friend.
		absolutely destroyed the poor sod.  shot
		himself in a church in dorset.

caravaggio opens the door, fenelon-barnes goes through.


144*.	ext.    british headquarters.    tobruk.    day.

the fenelon-barnes trunk is taken from caravaggio and joins the pile of 
luggage and artifacts, which wait to be shipped out.

			fenelon-barnes
		i'd like to get that bastard almásy -
		settle the score, eh?  that's my
		fantasy - said he, clearing out.
		must have been a spy all along.


145	deleted.


146*.	ext.    tobruk dockside.    day.

a german troop carrier rumbles forward passing a line of bedraggled 
british pows as they're marched along the side of harbor.


146a*. ext.    tobruk ruined quarter.    day.

a hill of salvaged army boots is being explored by a couple of german 
soldiers in search of better footwear.  below them the pows trudge by, 
one of them barefoot.  one of the germans tosses down a pair of boots 
then continues his own perusal.


146b*. ext.    tobruk square.    day.

a crowd of tobruk civilians - french and italians among the mostly arab 
faces.  their papers are being thoroughly checked by officers sitting 
at open desks. in a line, wearing his shabby suit, is caravaggio.  an 
arab woman in front of him is arguing over the identity of her 
ominously caucasian-looking child.  an interpreter mediates.  the 
officer doesn't believe the woman.  she's getting frantic at the 
possibility of losing her child.

suddenly there's a disturbance as a woman is dragged along the line by 
her hair.  she's bloodied, and has been tortured, and it's hard to 
recognize her as the pretty aicha.  she touches a couple of people in 
the line.  they're horrified.  soldiers pull them away.  caravaggio 
doesn't look, stares straight ahead.  an officer watches him as he 
turns briefly and helplessly out of concern for her.  their eyes catch 
for an instant and the officer sees it.

caravaggio runs, bolts for cover, vaulting the rubble which blocks one 
corner of the square.  the congregation throws itself to the ground 
until the square has only standing soldiers and a running man.


146c*. ext.   tobruk.   interior of ruined building.   day.

shots pursue caravaggio as he disappears behind the rubble, then bobs 
up again as he darts inside a blasted building.  he clambers up some 
ruined stairs, heaves over the wall.


146d*. ext.   tobruk.   facade of ruined building.   day.

caravaggio grabs a metal bar on the facade of the building, from which 
he hangs, looking for the next foothold.  soldiers appear along the top 
of the building, shouting, rifles ready.  an officer arrives and stops 
the soldiers firing, and the others begin to laugh as caravaggio hangs 
from the bar fifteen feet above a balcony, slowly losing his strength.  
another soldier waits for him in the balcony below.  now he starts to 
laugh.  caravaggio hangs.


147*.	int. interrogation room. tobruk. november 13,1942. day.

caravaggio is slumped at a table, his hands manacled to its thick 
wooden legs.  there's a telephone at another table in the corner of the 
room attended by a clerk with a stenographer working next to him.  the 
room has stone walls which appear damp, and no windows.  soldiers stand 
guard at the door.  it's a horrible room.  caravaggio is trying to 
sleep, he's unshaven, and pasty-looking.  his interrogator, müller, 
seems incredibly tired and aggravated.  he's on the phone.

			mÜller
				(in german)
		yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

he slams down the phone and comes back to the table.

			mÜller
		david caravaggio.

			caravaggio
		no.

			mÜller
		petty thief, six months imprisonment
		kingston penitentiary, 1937.

			caravaggio
				(barely with humor)
		i keep explaining.  you've got the wrong
		man.  my name is bellini - antonio
		bellini.  bellini, caravaggio, both
		painters, i think that is confusing you.

müller doesn't even pay attention, he's going through a file.  pulls 
out some photographs, starts spreading them out.

			mÜller
		is this you?

			caravaggio
		i don't know.

			mÜller
		it is you.  this was taken in cairo at
		british headquarters - july 41.  and so was
		this - august 41.  and this -february 42.

			caravaggio
		it's impossible.  i was buying or selling
		something.  i've been to cairo many times.

			mÜller
		you are a canadian spy working for
		the allies.  code-name moose.

the phone rings again, is answered.  the clerk calls to müller who gets 
up, irritably.  caravaggio addresses the room.

			caravaggio
		could i have a doctor?  i am passing
		blood.  i must be bleeding internally.
				(to the clerk)
		can you get a doctor?  look -
				(he spits onto the table,
there's blood in his mouth)
		i'm leaking blood.
				(he indicates a guard)
		he kicks me.  he kicks me all the time.

nobody responds.  müller is irascible on the phone, checking his watch, 
negotiating time.  the call finishes.

			clerk
				(in german)
		he's asking for a doctor.

			mÜller
				(to caravaggio)
		you want a doctor?

			caravaggio
		yes, i've been asking for weeks, a 
		month, i don't know, also my leg was -

			mÜller
		we don't have a doctor, but we
		do have a nurse.

			caravaggio
		a nurse?  well, sure, a nurse is great.
		a nurse?  great.

müller nods at the clerk, who instantly gets up.  just then the 
telephone rings again.  he hesitates.

			mÜller
				(in german)
		leave it and get the nurse!

the clerk exits.  the phone rings.  the stenographer is plagued by 
flies.  suddenly he slaps at one.

			mÜller
				(snapping)
		why is there so much nose?  i can't
		hear myself think!
				(turns to caravaggio)
		look - give me something.  so we can
		all get out of this room.  a name.  a code.
				(wiping his face)
		it's too hot.

			caravaggio
		i slept with the girl.  i've got a wife
		in tripoli.  a girl comes up and points
		at you, you only see trouble.

the nurse comes in.  she is arab and her head is covered.

			mÜller
		i'll tell you what i'm going to do.  this
		is your nurse, by the way.  she's moslem,
		so she'll understand all of this.  what's
		the punishment for adultery?  let's
		leave it at that.  you're married and 
		you were fucking another woman, so
		that's - is it the hands that are cut off?
		or is that for stealing?  does anyone know?

there's silence.  müller turns to caravaggio.

			mÜller
		well, you must know.  you were 
		brought up libya, yes?

			caravaggio
		don't cut me.

			mÜller
		or was it toronto?

			caravaggio
				(ashen)
		don't cut me.  come on.

now the phone starts again.  the clerk picks it up, there's a terse 
exchange, he puts the receiver on the desk, waits for the moment to 
interrupt müller.

			mÜller
		ten fingers.  how about this?  you
		give me a name for every finger -
		doesn't matter who.  i get something,
		you keep something.  i'm trying to be
		reasonable.  fenelon-barnes, we could 
		call that two names.
				(pauses, suddenly puzzled)
		are thumbs fingers?
				(in german to the others)
		is a thumb a finger?

no response.  müller opens his palms to caravaggio.

			mÜller
		i get no help from these people.

			clerk
				(in german)
		the telephone -

müller walks over, takes the receiver and slams it down.  an air raid 
siren is going off somewhere, and now the faint sound of explosions is 
also discernible, but all muffled in this room with the steady clack-
clack of the stenographer.  at that moment, müller suddenly becomes 
aware of what is happening.  he turns on the stenographer.

			mÜller
				(in german)
		what are you doing?

			stenographer
				(awkward, in german)
		that geneva convention.  i'm -

	müller peremptorily rips out the paper, throws it on the floor.

			caravaggio
		you can't do that!  hey - come on!

during this müller's gone to the table, pulled out a drawer and 
produced a cut-throat razor.  he hands it to the nurse, makes a line 
across his own left thumb and jerks his head towards caravaggio.  the 
nurse is extremely reluctant.  müller claps his hands, pushes her 
towards caravaggio.

			mÜller
		go!  hey!  go!

caravaggio is in terror.

			caravaggio
		oh jesus.  oh jesus christ.

the guards come away from the door and press down on caravaggio's 
shoulders to prevent him from moving.  the nurse, grim-faced, 
approaches, kneels at the table. 

			caravaggio
				(as she prepares to cut)
		listen, i'll give you a name.  what
		name did you say?  i knew them!
		i promise.  please - please!

and then he screams and screams and jerks up, carrying the guards and 
the table with him, all heaving off the ground, the nurse thrown off 
balance.  he falls to the floor, roaring with pain, blood everywhere, 
the table on top of him.  the air raid is continuing outside, the phone 
is ringing, the nurse stands, pale, blood all over her uniform.

			mÜller
		cut the other thumb.

he stabs at his own right thumb.

			mÜller
		this one!  come on!

the nurse, horrified, shakes her head.  müller snatches the razor from 
her and heads towards the prostate caravaggio.

one guard has got to his feet and grips caravaggio around the neck in 
half-nelson, others holding his legs, while müller approaches.  
caravaggio can't move.  he's gurgling as the guard almost strangles 
him.  his eyes are streaming with tears.

now müller is at his other hand, and the roar of pain again lifts 
caravaggio to his feet, the whole table rising in the air, his 
mutilated hands slipping from the handcuffs lie houdini, the drawers of 
the table spilling their contents everywhere, before he sinks to his 
knees like a gored bull and blacks out.


