130	int.    open-air cinema.    cairo.    evening.

the open-air cinema is just beginning its evening programme.

pathe news begins and we date the event to april 1939.  stories of 
imminent war jostle with images of merrie england.  village greens, 
sporting victories, cruft's dog show.  alone among the necking couples 
- mostly soldiers with their egyptian girlfriends - in an otherwise 
empty block, is katharine.  she's waiting for almásy.  a soldier comes 
over to katharine's row and settles a couple of seats away from her.

			soldier
		beggin your pardon, miss, but have
		you got a lighter?

katharine lights his cigarette and returns to the screen.  an item 
about fred astaire and ginger rogers and top hat.  the stars do their 
stuff.  the soldier moves a seat nearer.

			soldier
				(leering)
		i love ginger, she's a foxy girl, ain't she?

			katharine
		fuck off.

			soldier
		what?

			katharine
		you heard me.

the soldier slinks off, muttering.  katharine is wretched.  she sits 
head down, not watching the screen, marooned in her despair about 
duplicity, sordid assignations.

almásy arrives, slides in beside katharine, his shadow momentarily 
large across the screen.

			almÁsy
		sorry.

they watch the screen.  katharine is weeping.  almásy doesn't 
understand.  he puts his arm around her.

			katharine
		i can't do this, i can't do this any more.


131*.	ext.    groppi park.    cairo.    evening.

a man walks round with a hand bell - announcing that the park is 
closing.  he turns off the gaslights which illuminate the animal cages.  
almásy and katharine sit stiffly on a bench.  they don't speak.  almásy 
puts his hands to his head, he rubs his shoulders.  the lights are 
gradually being extinguished around them.

	finally, katharine gets up.

			katharine
		i'd better get back.
				(she keeps him away with a hand)
		say goodbye here.

			almÁsy
		i'm not agreeing.  don't think i'm
		agreeing, because i'm not.

they stand, awkward.  katharine rehearses her position.  the bell 
clangs.

			katharine
		i just know - any minute he'll find out,
		we'll barge into somebody we'll - and it
		will ill him.

			almÁsy
		don't go over it again, please.

he takes her hands, lays his cheeks into them, then releases them, gets 
up, walks away.  she walks towards the gate.  he calls after her.

			almÁsy
		katharine -

	he walks towards her, his smile awful.

			almÁsy
		i just wanted you to know.
		i'm not missing you yet.

she nods, can't find this funny.

			katharine
		you will.  you will.

then she turns sharply from him and catches her head against the 
gatepost, staggers at the shock of it, then hurries away.


132*.	int.    the patient's room.    morning.

hana sits with the english patient - the room shuttered against the 
morning light.  his breathing is noticeably worsening, a shudder of a 
breath, the shallow rise and fall of his chest perceptible.  hana 
frets, touches his wrist, feeling for the pulse.

			the patient
		i'm still here.

			hana
		you'd better be.

			the patient
		don't depend on it.  will you?
		that little bit of air, each day
		there's less of it, which is al right,
		which is quite all right.

she squeezes his hand, suddenly overwhelmed.

			the patient
				(brightly)
		i've been talking to caravaggio - my
		research assistant - there's meant to be
		a ghost in the cloisters.  i can join him!

there's some kind of noise from the garden.  muffled shouts.

			the patient
		it's the boy.

hana goes to the window, opens the shutters.  the day pours in.


132a*.	ext.    monastery olive groves.    day.

hana sees kip - barely visible - standing at the far perimeter of the 
garden in the olive groves, his hands raised above him, his leg held 
out strangely.  wires run from his foot in all directions as if he'd 
trodden in some elaborate steel cobweb.


