75	ext.    the desert.    day.

the cars are heading back to basecamp.  they bounce over the sand.


76*.	int.    bermann's car.    day.

bermann is driving the lead car along some steep dunes.  almásy beside 
him.  bermann is peeling an orange, a segment of which he holds out of 
the window.  kamal, riding shotgun, leans down and collects it, his 
head dipping in to grin at bermann.  bermann looks uneasily as almásy.  
he wants to tell him of his passion, of his absolute love for kamal, 
but he daren't.

			bermann
		i love the desert, you see.  that's my,
		that's my - i can't think of the word.
				(almásy nods)
		how do you explain?  to someone who's
		never been here?  feelings which seem
		quite normal.

			almÁsy
				(compassionate)
		i don't know, my friend.  i don't know.

bermann holds out another segment of the orange, and watches the slim 
brown hand collect it.  a momentary distraction is all it takes for him 
to misjudge the line and suddenly the dune collapses under the tire and 
the car lurches sideways and topples over the edge.  d'ag - following, 
fouad beside him - brakes sharply, but can't stop his own car from 
being caught in the avalanche of sand, and it plunges down the dune and 
into bermann's upturned car with an ominous crunch, the radiator 
exploding.  only madox, katharine beside him, and a little way behind, 
manages to stay clear of the trouble.  he jumps out of the vehicle and 
slides down the dune to find pandemonium as the passengers stumble out 
of the cars, sand flying, smoke pouring from the upright vehicle, the 
wheels of the overturned car spinning wildly in the air, a puddle of 
oil spreading ominously.


77*.	ext.    the desert.    day.
 
later and the group have cleaned up as best as possible.  d'ag, 
bermann, and fouad are a little worse for wear.  fouad's arm is in a 
sling, and d'ag is sporting a bloody head-bandage.  bermann has broken 
a finger and is being attended to by madox.  the luggage, water and 
petrol have been stacked up and the men are loading up the remaining 
car.  almásy is working at the crumpled end of the vehicle.  he's 
having no success.


78*.	ext.    the desert.    day.

almásy, kamal and two of the other young bedouin stand around the mess 
of the two broken vehicles.  the one working car is loaded with men and 
provisions.  katharine sits inside, next to madox, almásy comes over to 
her window, to speak past her to madox.

			madox
		i'll be back as quick as i can.  
		thirty-six hours at the outside.

			almÁsy
		try to get a second radiator, we'll bury
		it between here and the pottery hill.
		and a better jack.  we planned badly.

			madox
				(nods at almásy, then shouts over 
to the wrecked vehicles)
		bermann!

this is bermann's cue to take leave of kamal who is staying behind.  
kamal makes a little bow.

			kamal
		may god make safety your companion.

bermann nods and hurries away, squeezing into the car which jolts off, 
bouncing over the track.

the vehicle gets about twenty yards, almasy watching, before it sinks 
forlornly into the soft sand.  it's hopelessly overloaded with people.  
they all get out.

			katharine
		i shall stay behind, of course

			madox
		certainly not.

			katharine
		i insist.  there clearly isn't room for
		us all, i'm the least able to dig, and 
		i'm not one of the walking wounded.
		those are facts.  besides, if i remain
		it's the most effective method of
		persuading my husband to abandon
		whatever he's doing and rescue us.

it's hard to argue with this logic.  almásy shrugs.

later - the madox car makes a more effective departure.  and almasy and 
katharine are left alone.  they look at each other as if realizing this 
for the first time.  almasy immediately returns to the two damaged 
vehicles and helps the men stretch the cut canvas which was once a tent 
to fashion a makeshift shelter between the two cars.  katharine goes to 
join them.  there is no obstacle to the remorseless horizon, just miles 
of undulating dunes.


