94	int.    almÁsy's room.    day.

almásy lying on a camp bed, face down.  the walls are covered with 
maps, enlargements of photographs.  a fan whirs over his kit which is 
spread, unraveled but ordered, on the stone floor.  an ineffably male 
room, the shutters closed, just the thinnest shaft of light piercing 
the gloom.  almásy hasn't even removed his clothes, his boots kicked 
off below his jutting feet.  

there's a knock at the door.  almásy sleeps.  another.  a third.  he's 
roused from the dead.  stumbles to his feet, opens the door as the 
knocking continues.

it's katharine.  she's bathed, luminous, stands back-lit by the 
afternoon sun - an angel in a cotton dress.  she walks past him into 
the room.  he closes the door.  she turns.  he kneels before her, head 
at her thighs.  she's crying, her face expressionless as her hands go 
to his head.

			katharine
		you still have sand in your hair.

she starts to beat on his head and shoulders, violently.  he pulls 
back, to look at her, the tears streaming down her face.  she kneels 
and covers his face with kisses.  he pulls blindly at her dress and it 
rips across her breasts.


95*.	int.    bathroom.    day.

almásy is in the bath.  katharine, wearing his dressing gown, pours in 
a jug of steaming water.  almásy leans over the rim of the bath.  he's 
sewing, carefully repairing the torn dress.

			katharine
		i'm impressed you can sew.

			almÁsy
		good.

			katharine
		you sew very badly.

			almÁsy
		you don't sew at all!

			katharine
		a woman should never learn to sew,
		and if she can she should never
		admit to it.  close your eyes.

			almÁsy
				(laughs)
		that makes it harder still.

she pushes the sewing from his hands, then pours water over his head, 
then begins to shampoo his hair.

almásy is in heaven.  the biggest smile we have seen from him.  she 
continues to massage his scalp.

			almÁsy
		when were you most happy?

			katharine
		now.

			almÁsy
		when were you least happy?

			katharine
				(a beat)
		now.

			almÁsy
		okay.  and what do you love?
		say everything.

			katharine
		what do i love?  i love rice pudding,
		and water, the fish in it, hedgehogs!
		the gardens at our house in freshwater -
		all my secret paths.

she rinses his scalp, then slips off the robe and climbs in beside him, 
covering his neck and shoulders in kisses.

			almÁsy
		what else?

			katharine
		marmite - addicted!  baths - not
		with other people!  islands.  your
		handwriting.  i could go on all day.
				(a beat)
		my husband.

	almásy nods.

			almÁsy
		what do you hate most?

			katharine
		a lie.  what do you hate most?

			almÁsy
		ownership.  being owned.  when
		you leave, you should forget me.

she freezes, pulls herself away, out of the bath, looks at him, then 
slaps him very hard across the face.

she picks up her dress, the thread and needle dangling from it, and 
walks, dripping, out of the room.


96*.	int.    the patient's room.    night.

to the patient it's as if katharine is walking out of his wall.  he 
sighs with pain, then looks away to where hana has fallen asleep on the 
bed, almost on top of him.  he touches her.   he speaks as if each word 
burns him.

			the patient
		could i ask you to move?  i'm sorry -
		but when you turn, the sheets, i can't
		really bear the sheets moving over me.  
		sorry.

			hana
				(mortified, moving quickly)
		yes, of course, i'm so sorry.
		stupid of me.

	hana gets up, upset to have hurt him.

			hana
		i'm so sorry.


97*.	int.    the monastery kitchen.    night.

hana comes to the table, carrying a jug of water and a bowl.   she's 
still sad.  she unbuttons her dress, pulling it off her shoulder, 
begins to pour the water to cool herself against the night's pressing 
heat.


98*.	ext.    emergency field hospital.   1944.    late day.

the emergency field hospital is a cluster of tents practically ahead of 
the front line sporadic gun fire, light and heavy, sounds throughout.  
mary walks by on her way to the nurse's tent.  it's 1944 and the war in 
italy is still intense.


