5	ext.    an  oasis.    night.

the sound of glass, of tiny chimes.  a music of glass.

an arab head appears on a moving table in the desert.  it floats in 
darkness, shimmering from the light of a fire.  the image develops to 
reveal a man carrying a giant wooden yoke from which hang dozens of 
small glass bottles, on different lengths of string and wire.  he could 
be an angel.

the man approaches the litter which carries the pilot.  he's still in 
the protective reed mask, wrapped in blankets.  the merchant doctor 
stands over the burned body and sinks sticks either side of him deep 
into the sand, then moves away, free of the yoke, which balances in the 
support of the two crutches.  he puts some liquid in the pilot's 
tongue, whose eyes almost instantly begin to roll.  then he slowly sets 
about peeling away the layers of oiled cloth which protect the pilot's 
flesh.

the merchant doctor crouches in front of the curtain of bottles and 
makes a skin cup with the soles of his feet, then leans back to pluck, 
hardly looking, certain bottles, which he uncorks and mixes in the bowl 
he'd made with his feet.  this mixture he uses to anoint the burned 
skin.  next he finds green-black paste - ground peacock bone - and 
begins to rub it on to the pilot's rib cage.  all the while he us 
humming and chanting.  the bottles continue to jingle.


6*.	ext.    italian hill road.    early 1945.    day.

the sand gives way to trees, the jingling bottles to distant church 
bells, as a convoy of twenty trucks - red cross vehicles and some 
supply vehicles - snakes along a bumpy hill road.  the war in italy is 
largely over and the allies are moving up the country, the wounded and 
supply lines slowly following.


7*.	int.    red cross truck.    day.

a young canadian nurse, hana, sits in a truck full of patients.  hana 
pays special care to the patient lying in the stretcher alongside her.  
this is the pilot - now known as the english patient.  a web of scars 
covers the patient's face and body.  they have the quality of a livid 
tattoo, magenta and green-black.  the hair has largely gone and the 
effect is curious, lassoing his features, the strong nose, the eyes 
liquid.  it's a warrior's face.  but he has no physical strength.  he 
coughs violently as the trucks shudders along the road.


8*.	ext.    italian hill road.    day.

a jeep pulls out of the line and approaches the red cross truck 
containing hana and the patient.  the horn blows and hana looks out to 
see it contains her best friend, jan.  two young soldiers sit up front, 
one driving, both grinning.  jan signals for hana's attention.

			jan
		there's meant to be lace in the next
		village - the boys are taking me.

			hana
		i'm not sewing anything else.

			jan
				(mischievously)
		you don't have any money, do you?  
		just in case there's silk.

			hana
		no!

			jan
		hana, i know you do!

hana leans under the tarpaulin, holding some dollars.  the two hands - 
hers and jan's - reach for each other as the vehicles bump along side 
by side.  they laugh at the effort.  jan's gold bracelet catches the 
sun and glints.

			hana
		i'm not sewing anything else for you!

			jan
				(getting the money)
		i love you.

the jeep accelerates away.  hana sighs to the patient.

suddenly an explosion shatters the calm as the jeep runs over a mine.  
the jeep is thrown into the air.  the convoy halts and there's chaos as 
soldiers run back pulling people out of the vehicles.  hana runs the 
other way, towards the accident, until she is prevented from passing by 
a soldier.


9*.	ext.    italian hill road.    later.

-- and there's still chaos as two sappers arrive on motorcycles.  one 
of them, a sikh, wears a turban.

the motorcycles arrive at the front of the convoy.  a nurse, mary, is 
helping a doctor, oliver, attend to the injured driver.  the other two 
bodies are covered with blankets.  there's blood everywhere.  the sikh 
and his colleague pull out the paraphernalia of their bomb disposal 
equipment.


