17	ext.    convoy site.    italy.    day.

the convoy is in the final stages of loading up.  oliver passes the 
vehicles, deep in dispute with a determined hana, who is carrying some 
sacks of rice.

			hana
		the war's over - you told me yourself.
		how can it be desertion?

			oliver
		it's not over everywhere.  i didn't mean
		literally.

			hana
		when he dies i'll catch up.

oliver hovers as hana adds the rice to a small cache of provisions, 
then lays another blanket over the patient.

			oliver
		it's not safe here.  the whole country's
		crawling with bandits and germans and god
		knows what.  it's madness.  i can't allow it.
		you're not, this is natural - it's shock.  
		for all of us.  hana -

			hana
		i need morphine.  a lot.  and a pistol.

			oliver
				(clutching at straws)
		and what if he really is a spy?

			hana
				(impatiently)
		he can't even move.

			oliver
		if anything happened to you i'd never
		forgive myself.

hana nods.  a tiny smile.  oliver shrugs helplessly.

			oliver
		we're heading for leghorn.  livorno the
		italians call it.  we'll expect you.


18*.	int.    the monastery.    day.

two soldiers are helping mary and hana carry the patient into the 
monastery.  hana indicates the stairs.

			hana
		up there.

they struggle up the stairs, one of the soldiers gasping as he narrowly 
avoids falling into the void in the stairs.  the cot almost tips up, at 
which the patient suddenly speaks, his voice cracked and rasping, but 
still clearly aristocratic.

			the patient
		there was a prince, who was dying, and
		he was carried up the tower at pisa so he
		could die with a view of the tuscan hills.
		am i that prince?

hana laughs.

			hana
		because you're leaning?  no, you're 
		just on an angle.  you're too heavy!

mary laughs.  they reach the landing.  hana kicks open the door to the 
chapel.

			hana
		in here.


18a*.	int.    the patient's room.    day.

hana lets mary take the weight while she goes to the bed and pulls away 
the drapes, sending up a cloud of dust.  they lower the patient onto 
the bed.  she turns to the soldiers.

			hana
		thank you.

she shuts the door on them, leaving mary staring aghast at the room, 
its faded frescoes, its mold, its chaos.  hana smiles, opens a shutter 
to let a fierce envelope of light into the room.

			hana
		good.

	she goes to mary and hugs her.


19*.	int.    hana's room.    the monastery.    day.

a smaller upstairs room completely bare.  as hana tugs off her uniform, 
she looks out of the window to see the departing convoy.  a cotton 
dress goes on over her head and she emerges looking suddenly younger 
and rather fragile.   through the damaged floor of her room she has a 
view of the patient below her.  she looks at him.  now she has scissors 
and starts to cut off her hair, not aggressively, but in a gesture of a 
new beginning.


19a*.	int.    the patient's room.    day.

hana walks down to the patient's room and stands in the doorway.  the 
patient turns his head to her.  he's grinning.  he puts up a thumb.  on 
the track a song begins:  some other time.


20*.	ext.  basecamp at pottery hill.  1938.  late day.

the song continued in the desert where we find the singer - peter 
madox, a weather-beaten man who is working on the guts of an battered 
tiger moth aeroplane.  his face is blackened with oil.  a second 
european, almÁsy, stands beside him, holding tools and a section of the 
camshaft.  madox yanks out a perished rubber hose and holds it up for 
almasy to inspect.  behind them is an encampment - some camels foraging 
in the meager scrub, half a dozen black tents of the bedouin: guides 
and servants to the almásy/madox expedition.  it's 1938 and the whole 
continent is full of such expeditions, competing with each other, 
pursuing lost treasures, sources of rivers, hidden cities.

d'agostino, the team's italian archeologist, drives towards the plane 
in one of the expedition's adapted ford motorcars.  he gets out 
carrying a large earthenware water jar.  he looks very pleased with 
himself as he shows the jar to almásy and then passes it to madox.

			d'agostino
		thirsty?

			madox
				(sniffing inside)
		what's this?

			d'agostino
		don't drink it!

he reaches for the jug, then pours out a little sludge - it's a 
brackish and stinks.  madox makes a face.

			d'agostino
		i can't guarantee the vintage, my 
		friends.  i just dug it out of the hill.

madox and almásy have seen many such jugs.

			madox
		excellent.  that's terrific, d'ag.
				(to almásy, of a tool)
		toss that up, would you.

			d'agostino
				(mischievously)
		there are some others.


