86	int.    car.    dawn.

almasy sits alongside katharine, whose head is against his shoulder.  
he continues his story of winds.

			almÁsy
		#name?
		which mariners called the sea of
		darkness.  red sand from this wind
		has flown as far as the south coast
		of england, producing showers so
		dense they were mistaken for blood.

almasy checks to see if katharine is still awake.

			katharine
		fiction.  we had a house on that coast
		and it never rained blood.  go on.  more.

			almÁsy
		all true.  herodotus, your friend, tells
		of a wind - the simoon - so evil that a
		nation declared war on it and marched
		out to fight it in full battle dress, 
		their swords raised.


87*.	ext.    the desert.    day.

morning.  the sand has almost completely engulfed the car on the 
exposed side, covering the windshield like snow, and encroaching onto 
the door of the protected flank.


88*.	int.    car.    day.

almásy is woken by sound of a distant engine.  he jerks up, waking 
katharine in the process, and heaves against the door.  he can't open 
it, and has to lean his feet against the passenger door, lying across 
katharine, kicking it open.


89*.	ext.    the desert.    day.

by the time almásy emerges from the car, the sand pouring into the 
cabin, madox's car is roaring along the horizon.  almásy waves, shouts, 
and then runs back into the car, finds his flare-gun, and sends a flare 
high into the sky.  katharine is with him now, and they watch, 
helplessly, as the car bounces away from them, madox a man on a 
mission.  katharine panics, the sand has erased all traces of them.  
she speaks quietly, shocked.

			katharine
		our tracks, where are they?

almásy is preoccupied.  he's gone back to their vehicle and returns 
with a shovel, starts to dig frantically.

			almÁsy
		madox will have calculated how many
		miles, they'll soon turn around.

			katharine
				(realizing what he's doing)
		oh my god, the others!

she kneels with him and helps to shovel away the sand which has 
completely engulfed the other vehicle containing the three bedouin.

			almÁsy
				(during this)
		could i ask you, please, to paste you
		paintings into my book?  i should like
		to have them.  i should be honored.

			katharine
		of course.  is it, am i a terrible
		coward to ask how much water we have?

			almÁsy
				(shoveling hard)
		water?  yes, we have water, we have
		a little in our can, we have water in
		the radiator which can be drunk.  not
		at all cowardly, extremely practical.
				(anxious at not uncovering
the boys, egging himself on)
		come on, come on!
				(then back to katharine)
		there's also a plant - i've never seen
		it but i'm told you can cut a piece the
		size of a heart from this plant and
		the next day it will be filled with a
		delicious liquid.

			katharine
		find that plant.  cut out its heart.

they hear noises, scrabbling, faint thumps.  almásy scrapes at the sand 
and they find the glass of the car.  the angle of the cab, tilted up to 
the sky, has made it impossible for the trapped boys to lever it open.  
their oxygen is rapidly deteriorating.  almásy pulls the door and it 
cranks open.


90*.	ext.    the desert.    day.

katharine sits in the car, putting her pictures into the herodotus.  
it's full of almÁsy's handwriting, photographs, some pressed flowers.  
she deciphers a page of his words and drawings.  it's almost 
exclusively about her, the lines studded with k.s.  she reads, 
astonished, then looks at him as he and two of the three bedouin circle 
the area of the cars in ever-widening circles, like water-diviners, 
like kip searches for mines.  kamal is slumped against the front of the 
car.  he's sick.  almásy suddenly drops to his knees and begins to 
shovel into the sand.  he pulls out a can of water.  turns to katharine 
and holds it triumphantly in the air.


91*.	int.    the desert.    night.

there's a small, weak fire.  the group crouch around it.  the boys talk 
noisily to almásy.  kamal is wrapped in a blanket and shivering.  
almásy gives him water, speaks to katherine.

			almÁsy
		kamal is passing blood.  he must have
		had some internal damage in the crash.
		he needs medicine.  i think we must risk
		the other flare.

he gets up and loads the flare with what is clearly the last charge.  
this time the effect is dramatic with a red umbrella of light.  
katharine comes up beside him.  they wait, hope fading with the flare.

			katharine
				(blank)
		geoffrey's not in cairo.
				(almásy looks at her)
		he's not actually a buffoon.  and
		the plane wasn't a wedding
		present.  it belongs to the british
		government.  they want aerial
		maps of the whole north africa.
		so i think he's in ethiopia.  in
		case you were counting on his 
		sudden appearance.

			almÁsy
		and the marriage - is that a fiction?

there's a beat.  katharine has a hundred answers.

			katharine
		no, the marriage isn't a fiction.

the light from the flare fades on them and they stand in the dark.  
suddenly on the far horizon, behind their heads, an answering flare 
fireworks into the sky.

			katharine
		thank god.  oh, thank god.

there's excited shouting from the two fit boys.  they leap up and run 
towards the couple, who meanwhile have realized that the flare has not 
come from madox, but from an approaching camel caravan.  almásy shouts 
to the boys for some identification.

			katharine
		do they know them?

			almÁsy
				(squinting at the horizon)
		no, but i think i do.

the caravan slowly comes into focus.  it's fenelon-barnes.  katharine 
touches almásy's arm - an almost imperceptible gesture.

			katharine
		am i k. in your book?  
		i think i must be.

almásy turns to her.  he runs the blade of his arm across her neck - 
the sweat leaving a clear stripe.

fenelon-barnes approaches, dismounts from his camel, and addresses 
almásy.

			fenelon-barnes
		i recollect your saying to ignore
		your bones but i assume you have
		no objection to my rescuing your
		companion?
				(to katharine)
		good evening, mrs. clifton.

			katharine
				(accepting his handshake)
		hello.

			fenelon-barnes
		i'd like to introduce you to my camel -
		the most notable beast on earth.
				(to almásy)
		i understand you found some
		remarkable caves.

a goatskin bag of water is offered to katharine.  she drinks and hands 
it to almásy.

			fenelon-barnes
		paintings of swimmers?  remarkable.


