ext. platform - night

the car - a one-passenger job with a cartoon animal face on its prow -
stops with a lurch. stu steps out onto a fog-shrouded train station
platform. before he knows it, the little car departs behind him. he's
stranded - alone.

                           stu
            hello? anybody? - am i dead?
                 (beat)
            please. i'd like to know if i'm dead.

off in the fog is a big wheeled cart with the sign: "psychological
baggage claim." there stu finds two suitcases and a backpack. he
examines the tags. they all belong to him!

he sits on the edge of the cart, opens a suitcase, and pulls out...

 - a bagged copy of marvel comics' conan the barbarian #1;

 - an 8mm reel of highlights from ray harryhausen's jason and the
   argonauts, with swordfighting skeletons on the box cover;

 - a spiral notebook, its cover labelled "stu m. - geography," its
   inside pages covered with drawings of dinosaurs and airplanes;

 - transparent plastic models of "the visible man" and his mate, "the
   visible woman," with a couple of spare organs that young stu never
   quite found a place for;

 - a vinyl lp of "bread's greatest hits," which stu quickly slips back
   into the suitcase lest anyone see it.

as he gathers his bags, he hears odd squeaks and chittering...

                           raccoon (o.s.)
            carry your bags, mister?

a strange furry creature pops out from beneath the platform and yanks on
stu's pants leg. it looks like a raccoon, but it's flat - an animated
pelt. before stu has time to let out a yell, a flat snakeskin comes
slithering out from beneath the baggage cart...

                           snake
            cigars, mister? genuine coobans!

stu looks down and sees a squashed rabbit humping his leg.

                           rabbit
            wanna meet my sister?

these bordertown types are known as roadkill, and they're sporting the
tire tracks to prove it. stu screams, shakes them off, and runs.

