int. coma bar - a moment later - night

stu bursts in, flattens himself against the wall as the roadkill skitter
past outside. he's given them the slip. he looks around.

the bar's a weird melange of styles. coma victims ride around in
wheelchairs refurbished as bumper cars, drinking cocktails from iv
bottler. a four-armed elephant god is at the mighty wurlitzer while a
mermaid vocalist in a half-shell belts out the wistful lyrics of johnny
mercer's "dream." and over at the bar...

                           bull (o.s.)
            new in town, huh? what're you drinking?

out of breath, stu edges toward the bar as the bartender, bull, turns
away to grab a fresh glass.

                           stu
            chasing me - animals - horrible -

                           bull
            animals? what kind of animals?

stu gags. bull is a full-fledged minotaur, body of a man, head of a
bull. his features are cubist - weirdly squashed over to one side.

                           bull
            yeah, i know - picasso. guernica, right? that's
            what everybody says - although personally, i
            don't see the resemblance. what are you
            drinking?

                           stu
            uhh - martini?

                           bull
            olive or eyeball?

                           stu
            olive. - where exactly am i?

                           bull
            dark town. land of nightmares. i'm bull.

                           stu
            stu miley.

                           bull
            yeah, i've seen a few of your dreams. you're
            quite a celebrity down here.

stu gives him a cockeyed look. bull points to a monitor mounted over the
bar, on which a panicked man in pajamas is trying to run barefoot
through a great sticky sea of molasses.

                           bull
            i told you, it's the land of nightmares. same on
            every channel...all the stuff people dream,
            after they have the extra anchovies.

he changes channels with a remote. now we see a guy falling through
midair, arms and legs flailing, falling, falling, falling...

                           stu
            jeez, it all looks like bad late-night cable.

                           bull
            sad commentary, huh?

now a small muffled voice speaks from the area of stu's backpack:

                           disembodied voice (o.s.)
            "bull," huh? that's cute. what's your last name
            - "shit"??

                           bull
                 (turning angrily to stu)
            i beg your pardon?

                           stu
            i didn't say anything.

                           voice (o.s.)
            nice face. lemme guess. you were in a bullfight
            ...with a mack truck!!

stu claps both hands over his mouth to prove he's not the one talking.
bull glowers at him, snorting steam out of both nostrils.

                           stu
            i was, uh, just getting ready to leave...

                           bull
            yo, jumbo. we got us some kind of ventriloquist
            here.

the elephant god from the wurlitzer organ comes lumbering over.

                           voice (o.s.)
            well, hello, sailor. get a lot of dates with
            that ding-dong on your face??

bull and jumbo rear back to punch stu's lights out. he's saying his
prayers when his backpack begins to bulge and quiver - and a small furry
beast pops out, cackling his head off!!

                           monkeybone
            just kiddin', folks! drinks for everybody -
                 (pointing at stu)

            on him!! hiya, boss!!

bull and jumbo back off, stunned. the monkey grabs stu's face and plants
a big wet smooch right on his nose. stu screams.

                                                     cut to:

