int. death's office - back to scene

the blow sends stu staggering. death and the other reapers look on in
astonishment as the stained reaper does a bizarre dance across the
floor, top half and bottom half moving independently. miraculously, he
manages to right himself and regain his balance.

                           death
            now what were you saying?

                        stu/monkeybone
                 (in unison)
            nothing.

                           death
            i'd like to have a word with you in private.

he stands and gestures toward a side room. the boys follow. the little
hellhound scampers out from behind the desk...

...and grabs the hem of their shroud in its teeth! the boys keep on
walking, but the shroud stays behind. somehow they go three or four
steps before they realize they've been exposed.

death jumps a foot in the air and shrieks. pandemonium erupts.

                           death
            impostors!! get 'em!!

the boys back toward the big window overlooking the trainyard. the
reapers close in on them, brandishing their scythes.

                           death
            hypnos! that little twerp! he's the one who put
            you up to this!

with a screech, monkeybone leaps into the air, bounds over the heads and
shoulders of the advancing reapers, and snatches the yellow e-ticket
pouch from the guy death gave it to.

he bounds over a table and into stu's arms, with the precious pouch in
hand! death lets out a great rattling bellow of rage.

his features begin to jitter violently. his head explodes!!!

                           monkeybone
            yowie.

nothing to lose at this point. with a crash, the boys dive through the
big window overlooking the trainyard!

the headless death gropes around blindly, waving to his assistant.

                           death
            head. head!!

the assistant opens a cabinet containing a half-dozen identical heads.
he pulls out a spare and screws it onto death's neck.

