int. stu's private room - 8:59 am - day

most of our cast is either in stu's room or in the hallway outside.

plus we've got a man of the cloth; two legal types, with briefcases; and
several of the nurses from the facility.

alice squeezes julie's hand, and julie squeezes stu's. the minute hand
on the clock hits twelve. kimmy, sobbing into a handkerchief, gives dr.
edelstein the nod. as he reaches for the power switch...

                           stu
            eeeeeepp!!

julie drops the hand with a gasp. the doctor jumps half a foot.

all at once stu is sitting bolt upright in bed...shaking his head and
feeling around gingerly under the bedclothes, as if something very sharp
has just poked him in the ass.

                           stu
            oooie! that smarts!!!

kimmy sighs and faints dead away.

stu blinks and looks about the room, disoriented. it could be because
he's just come out of a coma after seven months. or it could be because
he's a monkey unaccustomed to hanging out in a human body.

                           julie
            stu?

                           stu
            julie?... hey, you are a looker.

a burst of laughter from the others in the room. weeping tears of joy,
julie flings herself across the bed and hugs him tight.

while julie is hugging him, stu is checking out his new fingers and
toes, rubbing his sparse patch of chest fur. doctors and nurses look on
in amazement from the doorway.

                           nurse
            it's a miracle. it's a miracle.

                           doctor
            two more ticks of the clock...

stu is almost oblivious to julie. he lifts up the sheet, sneaks a quick
peek at his crotch, and grins delightedly.

julie gives him another kiss, whispers in his ear:

                           julie
            thank you. thank you for coming back to me.

what she doesn't know is that, although he still looks like stu, his
body is now occupied by monkeybone. since he's now a hybrid character,
man on the outside and monkey within, let's call him...

                           stu-bone
            boy, i don't know about you guys, but i'm
            starving.

                                                    wipe to:

