int. death's office - continuous - day

a flunky opens the office door, and a long line of reapers glides in.
death lugs an enormous musty leather-bound book over to a long table. he
snaps his fingers and whistles.

his pet hellhound - a tiny plump weiner dog, with a horned death's head
for a face, comes skittering across the office floor and jumps into his
lap. meanwhile, the assistant turns on a chugging, card-shuffling univac
computer, which spits out a length of tickertape.

                           assistant
            chakasandra singh, new delhi. snakebite.

death checks the name against the master list in his big ledger. he
pulls out a document and puts his stamp on it - the death warrant. this
he gives to the reaper at the head of the line.

                           assistant
            mulrooney, lavinia p., dearborn, michigan. head
            crushed in a pants press.

as the line moves along, we notice an odd-looking reaper nearing the
desk. his gait is wobbly. his head bobs independently of the rest of his
body. there's a big, luminescent stain on the front of his shroud.

                           death
            you!!!

everyone freezes as death points a bony finger directly at the wobbly
reaper with the iridescent stain.

                           death
            you're the customer, okay? you're about to die.
            it's a big occasion. a formal occasion. and as
            you shuffle off this mortal coil, the last thing
            your eyes behold is a grim reaper covered
            with...
                 (sputtering)
            what the hell is that??

two voices come out from under the shroud at once:

            stu                                 monkeybone
   cranberry margarita.                sex on the beach.

much coughing and throat-clearing from under the shroud. by now death's
lapdog is growling at the stained reaper, and death can't hear what
anyone is saying. he shushes the dog.

                           death
            ...what??

            stu                                 monkeybone
   salty dog.                          sufferin' bastard.

the little hellhound yips viciously. death whacks him on the rump.

                           death
            well - whatever it is - you get that shroud to
            the dry cleaner asap! now where were we?

                           assistant
            clarke p. devereaux, san francisco.
            complications resulting from coma...

                           death
            oh, wait. says here he's supposed to recover.

a loud chorus of "a wwwww's" from the disappointed reapers. death stamps
the word "reprieve" on clarke's warrant.

his assistant crosses the room. in the far wall is a steel-reinforced
vault door with a hydraulic wheel - the kind you see at banks. the
assistant dials in a combination, turns the wheel, laboriously pulls the
door open and steps inside...

...returning, a moment later, with a priceless gold e-ticket!!

the upper half of the stained reaper begins to gyrate wildly.

closeup - on stu - under the shroud

monkeybone is doing an agitated tap dance on his head. his tail whips
repeatedly across stu's face.


