int. death's office - night

it looks like the observation bridge in the nose of the nautilus; the
decor is ornate, and the office equipment - vacuum tubes, pipe
intercoms, etc. - is on loan from the jules verne museum of defunct
technology.

reapers are bustling about everywhere. one of them pushing a hand truck
laden with oversized crates bearing the label "dead souls."

                           reaper
            batch of souls - just back from processing.

                           death's assistant
            put them over there with the others.

he unloads the crates in a corner of the room, where scores of crated
souls are already piled up.

                           death's assistant
            your grimness? we have a new shipment -

                           death (o.s.)
            yeah, yeah, yeah... i'll get to it...

we can't see death himself - just the back of a tall swivel chair. with
much creaking, it rotates around - bringing us face-to-face with...

closeup - death

he's not at all what you'd expect. he's a chubby-cheeked, bespectacled
accountant type...a harried bureaucrat, just trying to do his job.
there's something sweet, almost avuncular about him.

there's an open crate of dead souls on his desk. dead souls take the
form of perforated paper dolls...two-dimensional, underwear-clad,
usually wearing expressions of shock. death pulls a sheet from the box,
detaches the dead soul, and outfits it with a cut-out toga.

now he places it in a big diorama - with oodles of toga-clad souls
staring up at a scale model of an active volcano. he throws a switch and
beams as the volcano spits blobs of ketchup into the air.

                           death
            last days of pompeii...now there was a great
            moment in death.

                           death's assistant
            if i may point out...it is 12:05...

death, grumbling, digs into the box and pulls out another soul. his eyes
light up. he clutches the sheet with trembling hands.

                           death
            i can't believe - oh, man, i - sinatra!! do you
            know how long i've been waiting for this?

sure enough, the doll on the sheet is ol' blue eyes. death digs in a
desk drawer and pulls out a shoebox diorama...dino and sammy standing at
microphones, with a third, center mike conspicuously open.

                           death's assistant
            make that 12:07, your bleakness...the dispatch
            team is waiting...

grumpy, death shoves frank, dean, and sammy back in the drawer.

                           death
            okay, okay, send 'em in. jeez.


