int. schoolroom - day (animated)

a squat, lumpy teacher, miss hudlapp, is straining to erase the
gettysburg address, which is written along the very top of the
blackboard. there's an obtrusive, rhythmic banging noice in b.g.

                           stanley (v.o.)
            it was third grade. the teacher was miss
            hudlapp. she was kinda squat and lumpy - she
            smelled funny - but she was kind.

                           miss hudlapp
            class!
                 (turning around suddenly)
            how many times have i told you? in this class we
            do not pound tenpenny nails into stanley's head!


reverse angle - on stanley

hapless ten-year-old stanley, still goofy and bespectacled, in his
front-row desk. nails stick out of his head. the four mean kids poised
around him lower their hammers and return to their seats, grumbling.

a dreamy smile crosses stanley's face as he gazes at miss hudlapp.

                           stanley (v.o.)
            you know how some teachers have those, kind of,
            flaps on their arms - those big sacks of limp
            flab that like, dangle?

as miss hudlapp pulls her sweater off, two massive arm-flaps - fifty
gallons of flab apiece - spill out and smack into the floor.

miss huddlapp claps two erasers together, kicking up a cloud of dust.
young stanley watches, transfixed by her massive arm flaps. we track in
on the gigantic arm flaps as they swing hypnotically back and forth,
with a loud slap each time they collide.

                           stanley (v.o.)
            it sounds weird...but for some reason, as i
            watched those big old flaps of hers, i began to
            feel...well...oddly...

now we track in on the mesmerized stanley. a song comes up underneath:
donna summer, "i feel love."

                           stanley (v.o.)
            ...aroused.
                 (beat)
            and then the horror began.

doink! stanley looks down at his lap in horror. the boys and girls
around him are pointing and tittering.

grimacing in embarrassment, he discreetly places a heavy textbook onto
his lap, suppressing the bulge in his pants. but sproing!! - the book
goes flying across the room. the bulge is fighting back!

the kids duck and cover beneath their desks as stanley slams a stack of
textbooks onto his lap. it's no use - the whole stack goes flying, and
books come raining down on the entire class! now miss hudlapp is staring
directly at him...

                           miss hudlapp
            young man. what's that in your lap?

she marches toward him. stanley pulls his backpack over his lap.

                           stanley (v.o.)
            it was useless. like putting a baseball cap on
            the washington monument. and then...all at once
            ...there he was.

the backpack bucks and wriggles, as if something inside is trying to get
out. and then - with a flourish of rousing disco strings - it does!

                           stanley (v.o.)
            monkeybone!!

the libidinous cartoon monkey bursts out of the backpack, points at miss
hudlapp - and announces, in his barry white baritone:

                           monkeybone
            oooo-oo-ooh, baby. i love your way.

kc and the sunshine band comes up underneath as monkeybone dances to the
front of the class. he grabs miss hudlapp by the hands and begins
dancing the bump with her arm flaps. butt left, whap. butt right, whap.

the kids are bug-eyed - agog. with each whap their little heads turn
back and forth as if they're watching a nude tennis match.


