int. bedroom - night

sounds of julie taking a shower in the adjacent bathroom o.s.

stu-bone is sprawled in bed, pillows propped up behind him, flipping
channels on the bedroom tv with his trusty remote. the discovery channel
happens to be showing a jane goodall special...

                           narrator (on tv)
            the mating rituals of the african silverback are
            as rigidly formalized as those of any animal we
            know - with the possible exception of man.

onscreen a female gorilla is presenting her furry haunches to an alpha
male.

stu-bone watches this erotic spectacle with a connoisseur's eye. he
glances over at the open bathroom door and catches a teasing glimpse of
julie's shadow as she steps out of the shower and pulls on a robe. he
scratches and sniffs, just to put himself in the mood.

on tv: monkey foreplay, which consists of a pounce from behind.

                           narrator (on tv)
            in the wild, a dominant chimpanzee male is
            likely to engage in sex numerous times
            throughout the day, with a shockingly wide
            variety of -

stu-bone mutes the nature special and sneaks up behind julie just as she
emerges from the bathroom in her robe and towel-turban.

                           julie
            what are you watching?

                           stu-bone
            ohhh, nothing.

she tries to pass, but he grabs the belt of her robe and spins her
around. he delicately unwraps the turban, then opens her robe and pulls
it closed around the two of them. they kiss...

                           julie
            you sure this is...medically advisable?

                           stu-bone
            got a doctor on duty.

                           julie
            well. as long as it's okay with monkeybone -

stu-bone almost lets out a gasp of shock. what does she mean???

                           julie
                 (glancing downward)

            - which it seems to be.

stu-bone does a take. the good news is, she doesn't suspect. the bad
news is, he's apparently named after his creator's penis.

