int. sleep lab - pre-dawn

the wall clock says it's not quite 3 am, yet julie has managed to round
up all her co-workers: alice, hutch, clarissa, et al. they're groggy,
disheveled, un-made-up, unshaven. but they're there.

                           julie
            six hours. that's when they pull the plug.
            that's how long we've got to wake him up.
                 (beat)

            now these are stu's old charts from five years
            ago, when he first came to the sleep lab...

she points to a series of easels where hutch and alice have been tacking
up eeg printouts, engram maps, etc.

                           julie
            ...they show incredibly intense nightmare
            activity. the chart below is his new chart...

the lower chart shows a jagged spike virtually identical to the one on
the upper chart. julie pauses for effect - then pulls on the edge of the
lower chart, opening it up like a gatefold -

the onlookers gasp. opened accordion-style, the lower chart shows the
same spike recurring again and again, ten times over!

                           hutch
            holy shit.

                           julie
            he's stuck in a loop - a nightmare loop.
                 (beat)
            anybody here know what oneirix is?

                           clarissa
            sure - it's an enzyme. the brain secretes it
            during violent dream activity...

                           hutch
            it's nightmare juice. julie and i were on the
            team that learned to synthesize it. if those
            charts are right, stu's swimming in the stuff.
                 (puzzled)
            are you thinking we can decrease the levels?

                           julie
            no. i want to give him more. i want to give him
            a massive dose.

                           hutch
            that's not going to stop his nightmare -

                        julie
            i don't want to stop the nightmare, hutch. i
            want to crank it up. i want to take it right off
            the charts. i want to scare him awake.

the group exchanges nervous glances: it's risky. julie claps her hands:

                           julie
            all right! we have a plan. let's move!

as the group swings into action, hutch pulls julie aside.

                           hutch
            you know, julie, even if this works - which it
            probably won't - that stuff is tricky. you don't
            know what it'll do to his brain.

                           julie
            what'll it do if they pull the plug?

                                                dissolve to:

