int. hyp's hideaway - night

elevator doors open, and we glide into the swank, swingin', space-age
bachelor pad of hypnos, god of sleep. a giant flying cupid welcomes us,
tiny bumblebee wings somehow keeping his vast bulk aloft.

hyp's hideaway occupies the entire penthouse floor, and there's always a
party in full effect. a rotating disco ball flashes colored light on
walls, floors, and ceilings covered with shockadelic op-art patterns.

                           monkeybone
            now this...is livin'.

of course, a party needs party animals - and the darktowners on the
scene are in fine fettle, working up a sweat on the dance floor. dj
sleepy zzz's has three turntables spinning at once.

as stu wanders through, he gets a big surprise. reproductions of his old
nightmare paintings are hanging on the walls! they've been turned into
one-sheets for the coming attractions at the morpheum.

                           monkeybone
            y'call that art? why, my three-year-old can
            paint better than that.

                           stu
            like you'd know. you started out on the back of
            a napkin, you little...doodle.

scowling at each other, the boys turn their backs and part ways. we
follow monkeybone to the wet bar, where he almost immediately bumps into
a statuesque gorgon with a full head of writhing snakes.

                           monkeybone
            hey! like the do. so tell me, are you a, uhh...
            natural snakehead?

                           gorgon
            only fifty dollars to find out.

                           monkeybone
            fifty dollars?! bite me!

                           gorgon
            you got it, big boy.

he grins and shrugs: what the hell. as they head for a back room, the
bartender hands him a snakebite kit.

a look of apprehension crosses monkeybone's face. but before he can
change his mind, the gorgon's hand yanks him out of frame.

stu, meanwhile, is crossing the dance floor, moving among glittering
animal-people who dance in their bizarre, uninhibited way. a five-legged
woman - the bottom half of her body a big human hand - smiles at stu as
he passes. he tries to talk to her, but she's dancing, and with five
constantly moving legs it's difficult to get in close.

                           stu
            say, have you seen mr. hypnos?

                           hand woman
            hyp? he was here a while ago. aren't you stu
            miley? the nightmare guy?

stu grins meekly, nods yes. she pulls him over to dance.

                           hand woman
            i heard you were going to be here tonight. this
            is so cool!

jumbo the elephant god is dancing in ungainly fashion nearby. his trunk
swings out and hits one of the hand woman's arms - which snaps off like
marble statuary. before she can let out a squeal, he does it again. now
she's armless - a regular venus de milo!

                           hand woman
            you fat slob! watch what you're doing!

                           jumbo
            why don't you slap me? go on, slap me!

                           hand woman
            come on, stu. let's go where the real fun is.

she leads him over to the sunken living room. among the other guests, we
see a cyclops, a yeti, a bbq pig. a number of sofas and lounge chairs
are arranged around a big crystal orb in the center of the room.

the orb is where nightmares happen. although the perspective shifts and
the locales change abruptly, as in a movie, all the nightmares have a
3-d quality - as if they're taking place right here in the room with us!

                           stu
            wow. live feed, huh?

                           hand woman
            you bet. hyp gets all the best stuff before it
            goes out to the theatres.

stu grins in anticipation. he finds an empty chair and starts to sit
down - but there's a slug with a man's head already in it!

                           slug with a man's head
            hey!

                           stu
            sorry.

stu picks another seat. the hand woman sidles up alongside him.

                           hand woman
            shh! there's a new one just starting.


