ext. dark town - midway - night

it's a carny town, a tourist trap, seedy and nightmarish. despite the
festive trappings, there's something off about it - an air of neglect
and decrepitude - as if they'd tried to turn alcatraz into disneyland,
and given up halfway through.

stu looks back and sees the roadkill gaining on him. he spots a small
group of other humans...

                           stu
            help me. please. there's animals. they -

the humans just yawn. they're coma victims, just like stu. he ditches
one of his suitcases as the roadkill come after him.

                           voice
            pony ride, mister?

he turns and spots a helpful-looking fellow in a cowboy outfit. the
cowboy is in fact a centaur - rider and mount rolled into one!

the characters who run this place - the barkers, ticket-takers, and ride
operators - are all weird hybrids, part human, part animal. they could
be the ancient gods of some primitive culture - reduced to working as
street entertainers in this ramshackle resort town.

stu pinballs down the street, bouncing from one shock to another:

 - joe camel, doing community service as a street sweeper -

                           joe camel
            hey, mister. mister! got a smoke?

 - a yeti selling sno-cones from a cart outside the morpheum theatre.
   the marquee reads:

                        live! nightmares! live!
          first-run - continuous performances - popular prices
                rated nr-h - not recommended for humans

 - a cyclops working as a barker at the penny arcade;

 - a video rental outlet - "bad dreams video," offering your favorite
   nightmares, cult and classic, three nights for $2.95. a three-headed
   devil emerges from the shop carrying a sackful of videos - and
   recognizes stu, much to his horror.

                           head #1
            hey, aren't you stu miley?

                           head #2
            we're big fans.

                           head #3
            could we have your autograph?

reduced to babbling hysteria, stu ducks into the nearest building. above
the door, an animated neon sign shows a happy boozer lifting his martini
glass, then falling over flat on his back, at which point his eyes are
replaced by the traditional cartoon x's. this is the coma bar.


