int. dungeon - night

a damp, stonewalled vault with a barred door. stu is sprawled on the
floor, out cold, when a voice awakes him...

                           rat guard (o.s.)
            heads up! feeding time!

stu comes around just in time to see a panel sliding open in the ceiling
far overhead. a torrent of junk - stale popcorn, half-eaten candy bars,
molten ice cream pops, and sticky soda - rains down on his face.

a horde of dark figures emerge from the shadowy catacombs around him.
all at once, hands are grabbing at him from all directions. stu lets out
a scream - backs up against a wall -

                           stu
            who are y-- what do you want??

a mongol warrior with a droopy mustache looks up at him.

                           genghis khan
            dinner.

after a moment stu realizes that the dark figures have almost no
interest in him - instead, they've been grabbing at the half-eaten
snacks that cascaded down onto his head. a long-haired slav - rasputin -
dives on a hershey bar with only one bite out of it, but an oddly
familiar fat man gets there first. stu gapes at him...

                           stu
            alfred hitchcock??

                           edgar allan poe
            a fat bastard, but damn quick on his feet.

                           typhoid mary
            that's how he keeps his girlish figure.

                           stephen king
            gotta move fast in this crowd, or you'll starve.
            here you go, pal. have some popcorn.

he offers stu a box of popcorn soaked in dr. pepper.

                           stu
            what is this stuff?

                           stephen king
            they feed us the slops from the morpheum
            theatre. you hope for jujubes, settle for
            goobers. - i'm steve. steve king.

                           stu
            stephen king? what are you doing in here?

various others emerge from the shadows to shake stu's hand.

                           jack the ripper
            i'm jack the ripper.

                           typhoid mary
            typhoid mary.

                           atilla the hun
            atilla the hun. trade you a twizzler for a box
            of raisinets!

                           stu
            atilla the - ! what in hell is this place?

as if in reply, a fanfare sounds in the distance...


