int. stu & julie's house - day

stu-bone and julie enter with luggage. he stands there for a moment
scoping out the unfamiliar surroundings. she sets the bags down, taps
him on the shoulder.

                           julie
            welcome home.

stu-bone grins insipidly. she kisses him, pulls him into a tight embrace
- and then, overwhelmed by emotion, begins to sob.

                           julie
            oh, baby, i can't believe you're back.

                           stu-bone
            home sweet home, huh? actually, i was expecting
            something a little swankier. how much loot does
            old stu rake in, anyway?

she gives him an extremely puzzled look.

                           stu-bone
            meaning me, of course. i'm referring to myself.
            you have to assume monkeybone would be a pretty
            lucrative franchise...

                           julie
            baby? why don't you just...rest on the sofa for
            a minute. i'll be right back.

she goes into the kitchen as stu-bone plops onto the sofa. he spies a
bowl of fresh fruit on the coffee table and immediately tries to pick up
a banana with his foot.

but he can't. he's got shoes on. frowning, he unties his shoe, peels off
his sock. his bare foot is in the fruit bowl when julie returns from the
kitchen with a tray holding a chocolate cake and the bottle of champagne
stu bought three months ago. the cake bears the message "welcome home -
i love you" in pink icing.

she sits beside him with the goodies. he removes his foot from the bowl,
crosses his legs, wiggles his toes at her. she smiles uncertainly. then
she opens the bottle of champagne and pours two flutes full.

                           julie
            here's to a bottle...we should have opened...
            three months ago.

she finishes pouring, hands a flute to stu-bone. his face is smeared
with cake and icing. he's scooped out a big fistful and crammed it right
into his pie hole. he grins at her.

                           stu-bone
            bitchin' good cake.

                           julie
            stu, are you...feeling okay?

                           stu-bone
            sure. why?

                           julie
            you're acting kind of...odd.

                           stu-bone
                 (grabbing another fistful)

            in what way?

then: we hear tiny nails skittering across the hardwood floors at high
speed. and buster the dog races into the living room!

                           julie
            buster! look who's here!

stu-bone tenses instinctively. the dog is yipping, wagging his tail
insanely at the sight of his long-lost master - until he gets just a
little bit closer, and senses that something is very, very wrong.

buster sizes stu-bone up and growls. stu-bone bares his teeth and
hisses. the dog lunges - and stu-bone jumps up on the sofa!

                           stu-bone
            oh shit, the cake!

he bends down, snatches up the cake, and cradles it under one arm as he
kicks at buster from the sofa.

                           stu-bone
            mine. get back! mine!!

the frazzled julie pours herself another jolt of champagne - a stiff
one.

