ext. intersection - that moment

his eyes widen in horror as he steps out to survey the scene. the
asphalt is strewn with monkeybone merchandise - stuffed dolls, games,
lunchboxes. skid marks show where the truck which was carrying all this
swerved...

...and slammed into the rear of a buick regal, pinning it up against a
telephone pole. stu races up to the buick. its front end is mashed up
like an accordion, but the occupants - a couple of teenagers dressed for
the prom - seem to be okay.

                           stu
            hey! are you guys all right in there?

                           teenage girl
            we're fine.

                           stu
            that stupid monkey banner! it fell on my
            windshield - it practically killed us all!
                 (to julie)
            god, julie, if anything had happened to you -

                           julie
            i'm fine, baby. we're all okay. we were lucky.

                           stu
            i'd better go report this...

he spots a phone booth and starts across the street. on the way there he
plucks a stuffed monkeybone doll off the pavement and chokes it with
both hands.

julie stays behind with the prom kids. the teenage boy in his tux is
glassy-eyed, miserable beyond description.

                           julie
            dad's car?

the boy begins to sob softly. julie nods in sympathy.

then: everyone winces. the air is full of a horrible creaking noise,
like nails on a blackboard...

                           teenage girl
            what was that? did you hear that?

the horrible creaking noise continues. julie turns. behind her, the
telephone pole that the car slammed into is beginning to teeter. then it
topples. directly toward...

                           julie
            stu!!

on stu - in phone booth

he sees julie running toward him and holds up a single finger.

                           stu
            operator? i want to report an accident.

finally he glances up - just in time to see the telephone pole coming
down toward the phone booth like a gigantic sledgehammer. his eyes
widen. the stuffed monkeybone slips from his grasp...

closeup - monkeybone

a horrible crash. screams. camera zeroes in on the monkeybone doll which
stu was holding, surrounded by broken glass, its face twisted into an
insane, almost macabre grin.

the screen fades to pitch black for a few seconds...until we hear a
distant siren, and an image comes swimming into focus...

stu's pov: on julie

he's in the back of an ambulance, with paramedics all around him,
working feverishly. julie hovers above him, holding his hand.

                           julie
            stu? i'm here, baby. it's me. it's julie. i love
            you. you're gonna be okay, baby, i promise -

all at once he seems to be receding from julie and the others - as if
sinking through the bottom of the stretcher, and beyond - through the
floor of the ambulance! julie's voice grows weaker, more distant:

                           julie (v.o.)
            i'm here, baby. i won't leave you...

and then all trace of the ambulance is gone, and he's floating down
through some strange limbo, surrounded by the silhouettes of billowing
shrouds, with the sound of birds calling all around him...

an awful mechanical ratcheting noise fills the soundtrack. stu's eyes
close - and when they reopen, he finds himself in:

