int. living room - evening

the house is crawling with press. there must be three dozen reporters
and photographers and tv crews hanging on stu­bone's every pronouncement.

                           stu-bone
            yes, being in a coma taught stu miley a thing or
            two about life. buckle your seat belts, for one.
            but seriously, stu miley is a different man
            today. i'm much homier.

the front door opens. a stunned julie pushes her way inside...

                           stu-bone
            and speaking of which, here's the light of my
            life, the pert and saucy miss julie mcelroy.

                           julie
            i had to park two blocks away. is something -

he pulls her to his side for a photo op. flashbulbs go off.

                           stu
            i took the liberty of calling a little press
            conference. we're on tv, so don't say "shit."
                 ­(covering his mouth)
            shit! i said it. shit! i said it again!

                           reporter
            stu, what is it about monkeybone that makes him
            so popular?

                           stu-bone
            well, it's partly that he punctures all the
            phony pretensions of our modern society...and
            it's partly that he's a breathtakin',
            heartbreakin', rump-shakin' sex machine!
                 (beat)
            ask these gentlemen here. they're an important
            cog in my media machine. they'll be doing six
            new episodes of the monkeybone show under my
            personal supervision.

he pauses for a photo op with mike cachuela and mike mitchell.

                           stu-bone
            it's all synergy. the show synergizes the strip,
            which synergizes the merchandising, which
            synergizes the religion, which synergizes the
            barbara walters special; and then, baby, we are
            all in the united empire of monkeybonia.


