int. stu's private room - morning

as she's done every morning for the last three months, julie brushes
stu's teeth. although she looks a bit more worn and haggard than when we
saw her last, she always affects a cheerful manner around stu - on the
off chance that he might be aware of her presence.

she packs the toothbrush away, runs a hand along his stubbly cheek.

                           julie
            i think we can go another day without shaving.
            long as you don't look like you're growing one
            of those stupid little goatees.

she opens up the entertainment section of the daily newspaper.

                           julie
            hey, there's an article about the monkeybone
            show. they've run that one episode about eight
            times now. herb says it gets higher ratings
            every time...they're hoping you'll give 'em some
            new material soon...
                 (long, bored pause)
            wanna hear another joke?

she refolds the paper and reaches into a bedside drawer for a paperback
entitled the book of raunch. she pages through it for a moment.

                           julie
            okay...let me see...here we go. a plane full of
            explorers crashlands in new guinea; they are
            captured by a cannibal tribe and taken to the
            chief's hut, where...wait a minute. i know this
            one...
                 (reading ahead)

            you stinker! you swiped this joke for a
            monkeybone strip!

she whacks him on the arm with the book. no response at all.

                           julie
            okay. let's try again. why did the pervert cross
            the road?

the sound of sobbing interrupts her joke. she looks up and sees kimmy
standing in the doorway, red-eyed and crying.

                           julie
            kimmy! what's the matter?

                           kimmy
            this is hard for me, julie...very hard...but
            it's been three months now, and...
                 (long pause)
            i gave the order.

julie just stares at her for a beat or two, refusing to understand. then
it sinks in. her hand goes to her mouth in horror and grief.

                                            fade through to:

