ext. zoo grounds - piÑata area - that moment

the partygoers are lined up under the gigantic stanley-shaped piÑata,
which is hanging from a tree. a tubby banker in a blindfold takes a good
hard whack. cracks are beginning to appear...

                           stu-bone
            okay, folks, it's piñata time - you know the
            rules - five bucks a pop - and remember, it's
            all for the benefit of our friends the animals!
                 (eyes brightening)
            oooooh! this one's on me!

the next contestant is a gorgeous woman. he blindfolds her and embraces
her from behind to help her with her grip on the bat.

                           stu-bone
            choke up, baby. that's right. choke up!

suddenly he notices the cops marching up with julie, o.d. stu and co. in
tow. he freezes, terrified - backs away from the babe -

- and catches a bat in the face. several people rush up to help him as
the cops consult with the benefit organizers...

                           organizer
            i don't understand, officer. this is a benefit.
            surely this can wait until -

                           cop
            sorry, ma'am...we need to question mr. miley on
            a most urgent matter.

                           julie
            stop this. now. those dolls have been tampered
            with. they're toxic!

o.d. stu comes marching through the crowd. he passes a life-sized
display of stanley and monkeybone...grabs the backpack off the stanley
figure...and proceeds deliberately toward stu-bone.

                           o.d. stu
            monkeybone...back in the pack.

the old command seems to retain its magical power, because stu-bone
clutches his gut as if stricken at the sound of it.

                           o.d. stu
            i mean it this time. back in the pack.

stu-bone bends over - jerks and twitches - becoming more simian by the
moment as o.d. stu approaches.

                           stu-bone
            stu...i can explain...i was sick of being a
            figment, see? it's awful being a figment. it's
            degrading! and i never really wanted to give
            people nightmares. i just told 'em that so
            they'd help me get a body.

                           o.d. stu
            yeah - my body. back in the pack, you simian
            shitbird!

the cops are tres confused by all this -

                           cop
            ma'am, can you give me some idea of what's going
            on here?

- but julie holds them back so the scene can play itself out. now stu-
bone is doing a weird little monkey dance - playing up to the puzzled
crowd, who laugh and snicker, wondering what to make of all this.

                           stu-bone
            laugh, damn you...laugh at the sidekick...the
            happy little monkey. he doesn't have any
            feelings. he's just a figment of your
            immagination!

he turns suddenly - grabs the bat from the puzzled babe -

                           stu-bone
            gimme that goddam bat!

he wails on the piñata like ken griffey jr. o.d. stu tries to stop him,
but it's too late - the piñata bursts, and hundreds of purple-assed
monkeybone dolls spill out onto the ground!

an equal number of rabid partygoers surge forward to scoop them up. the
cops swing into action, trying to hold the crowd back...

                           cop
            he's getting away!

stu-bone climbs a tree and jumps from a branch onto one of the twin
jungle towers at the pavilion - begins climbing toward the giant
monkeybone balloon moored up above!

o.d. stu sees him - pulls away from julie -

                           o.d. stu
            i love you!

                           julie
            stu!!

stu-bone unties the mooring rope and wraps it around his midsection. now
freed, the balloon lifts into the air, carrying him aloft!

o.d. stu climbs up the opposite tower as the balloon starts to drift
away. he grabs hold of the mooring rope as it whips past.

and the team of surgeons - who have been combing the grounds in search
of o.d. stu - catch sight of him just as he floats off into the air, on
