	int. woodburn scrap and metal

	memphis follows dog-face to the back of this building. follows him
	into another room. which is

	a workshop

	an enormous woodworking shop, fully tricked-out with state-of-the-
	art table saws and drill presses, jointers and power planes.

	an antique treadle lathe stands in one corner. a stock layout of
	expensive woods - oak, birch, maple, cherry, mahogany - is stacked
	against the rear wall ...

	jars and bottles and cakes of glues, resins, stains and bleaches
	cram a shelf unit ... there's a man here, at a band saw. this is
	raymond calitri, 59 ...

	he wears an apron, protective glasses and a lopsided sneer. a
	richard widmark motherfucker - with the diamond hard look of a
	cobra. the liegelord of downtown...

	and now he works the a hand saw, making critical cross-cuts on a
	wide panel of maple ... atley jackson is here as well ... as noisy
	as it is out in the yard, in here, once the door is closed, it's
	as silent-as a tomb...

	a bank of monitors on one wall show the cars being crushed and
	disassembled in the yard. memphis is led into the room.

	calitri nods and dog-face leaves the room... calitri smiles ...
	examines his fresh cut...

				calitri
		randall raines ... it's been a long time ...
			(looks at his clothes;)
			frowns)
		'though i do i recall you as a man
		with style. you remember your old
		friend, atley -- ?

				memphis
		how ya doing?

				atley jackson
		good to see you, memphis --

				calitri
		so. what do we owe the honor -- ?

				memphis
		it's about my brother ... kip...

				calitri
		yes ... kip ...

	he says the name like other men say "cancer." the phone on
	his desk blinks. calitri picks it up. listens. looks at
	one of the monitors. where the mexican man is talking to
	several calitri employees. calitri hangs up...

				calitri
		excuse me one moment, randall ...

	and he picks up a mortise chisel on his way out. palming it ...

