	ext. long beach street - lower grand - night

	the streets are empty. low fog skims the sidewalks below a gray stew
	of a sky. it's slightly fuzzy, slightly surreal.  the vast port of los
	angeles is visible in the b.g... no cars parked here ... no cars
	except -

	a '67 shelby mustang gt-500

	silver with deep grill, its sculptured side panels ending in air
	scoops ... all cock and balls, it stands alone in the lonely cool
	before dawn ... an old-school totem to speed and style... and then
	someone approaches...

	through the mists of morning ... in leather coat and jack boots ...
	he's early 30s, with the vaguely whimsical confidence of a shimmer
	that refuses to fade ...

	this is randall raines, whom they call memphis - though know one's
	quite sure why ... but they do know he's the auto-boost in southern
	california ...

	memphis approaches the mustang with a gathering awe ... like a desert
	crash survivor coming upon an oasis ... he walks around it ...
	admiring it ... adoring it ...

	but then a firebird pulls up alongside him. its driver -
	atley jackson, early 30s, handsome, jocular leans out for:

				atley jackson
		you gonna steal her or kneel down to
		her and pray -- ?

	memphis looks at him, still enthralled...

				atley jackson (cont'd)
		i know, i know ... it's eleanor ...
		just take her, slick. - -

	and atley drives off slowly, memphis looks this way and that ...
	no one about ... he removes a slim jim from a deep pocket in his
	coat... he slims the door panel ... pops the button ... opens the
	door ...

	watch him work. quick as shit. a screwdriver appears another
	pocket ... he pops the butterfly to the ignition

	a ratchet appears... he strips the mechanism... now a gizmo - a,small
	socket-like device - is pressed into the
	ignition ... a twist of the wrist ... and the 320-bhp 289 v8 rumbles
	like a jackhammer. the whole thing took 20 seconds.

	he takes a cassette tape from another pocket ... slaps it into the
	deck. bruce springsteen's "ramrod" wails from the coaxials.
	and memphis floors it... and off they tear...

	the look on his face suggests a supreme satisfaction ... a grand
	re-awakening of long-dormant pleasure centers ... a speed jones,
	fixed and fumy ...

	he slots in behind atley jackson's firebird ... and slotting in
	behind memphis, in a z-28, is donny astricky, mid-30s ...

	on they go ... the fore and aft car providing escort...

	except that, from seemingly out of nowhere --

	a police car

	appears behind them...

	and donny instantly goes into diversionary tactic ... he races
	through a stop sign ... and the cruiser's bubbles flash on ... and
	donny is pulled-over ... atley and memphis drive on in their
	respective vehicles...

	the uniform cop gets out of his car, goes to donny.

				donny
		problem, officer?

				policeman
		yes. you're under arrest -- ?

				donny
		for running a stop sign?

				policeman
		for grand theft auto -

	and off of donny's look --

	we go to memphis in the shelby... as four cruisers comes speeding
	toward him, sirens wailing...

	quick shots of memphis racing the shelby through the early morning
	harbor town streets ... sirens peel ... memphis turns up the music
	... pins the gas ... the chase is on ...

	memphis maneuvers the mustang with a dazzling aplomb... memphis
	gutterballing the car, skating the shoulder, the cops in heavy
	pursuit ...

	and now he's picked up another cruiser... he passes atley jackson,
	heading in the opposite direction... atley has picked-up a pair of
	cruisers himself ...

	memphis on a straightaway now, speeds up, feels the boost. but up
	ahead, a roadblock has formed... how'd they get that deployed so
	fast? and behind him, the unmarks blaze ...

	guns his bitch... straight at the roadblock .. three cruisers and
	a portable wooden barricade... memphis pins her ... zooooom! dead-on
	to the roadblock ...

	and, at the last moment, as the cops dive out of the way, memphis
	bangs the gear shift into neutral -- yanks the parking brake --
	and the mustang spins on the straight -- screeching spin ... and
	memphis takes the hard left ...

	and he's managed to outrun them... finding himself above lower
	grand... looking down ...

	he can see the secondary pursuit down below ... atley being
	chased... in the distance - atley is launched from the shoulder,
	the firebird rolling down a drainage culvert ...

	landing with a sickening thud on its back. memphis is horrified.

