190     ext. service station - day                             190

        the gas station is like an oasis of clutter in a rolling
        stretch of meadows and woods.  it consists of a bunker-
        like building with restrooms and a flanking picnic area,
        beyond which are woods.
        people sit under the trees, enjoying the beautiful day
        while children tear around after the forced inactivity of
        a long trip.

        the three of them get out on unsteady legs.

                                driver
                      you can still ride if
                      you wanna hang out for a
                      couple hours.

                                sarah
                      thanks.

                                reese
                      bag some z's?

                                sarah
                      let's get cleaned up, kyle.

        she heads for the women's restroom and kyle follows her
        inside.

                                reese
                           (pushing him out)
                      yours is over there.

        instead of following her directions to the men's room,
        kyle wanders toward the drinking fountain.  a bunch of
        kids are running around and throwing water at each other
        with paper cups.

        reese shambles through them like a zombie.
        he stands among the children, an alien in this land without
        fear.  he watches people at picnic tables laughing and
        listening to portable music.  kids squeal.  dogs bark.

                                little girl (v.o.)
                      can you get my balloon?

        down angle on an achingly beautiful little girl of about
        four.  she points above his head.

        reese looks up to see a helium-filled mylar balloon stuck in
        the foliage of a tree just above him.  he pulls it down by
        the string and holds it, turning it over dully.

        he crouches down to her eye-level.  she smiles.

                                reese
                      aren't you afraid to be out in
                      the open like this?

                                little girl
                      huh?

        reese whirls reflexively at a scream behind him.  the
        mylar balloon bursts in his tense hands.  a teenage girl
        is being doused with water by the boys with plastic jugs.

        the little girl looks at the broken balloon, then glares
        at reese.  she punches him soundly on the shoulder and
        storms off.

        at this moment she is bowled over by an irish setter that
        licks her face while she shrieks with laughter.
        reese seems about to smile but doesn't quite know how to
        go about it.

                                               cut to:


