256     int. manufacturing area - night                        256

        kyle slides the bolts on the metal firedoor.  behind them
        are acres of machinery in darkness.  silence.
        crash!  the terminator hits the door from the far side.
        hinges squeal.

        kyle goes to a large breaker panel and opens it.  starts
        throwing switches.  behind them, machines start up one by one.

                                sarah
                           (panting)
                      what are you doing?

                                reese
                           (weakly)
                      cover...our footsteps...

        he sags, sliding down the wall.  she pulls him up.
        half-carries him into the maze of machines.
        the dark gallery is filled with whirring, clanking shapes,
        shattering conveyer belts and improbable mechanisms lashing
        mindlessly.

        reese slips to the floor and sarah is no longer able to
        support him.

                                reese
                           (faintly)
                      leave me here.

        sarah crouches beside him.
        grabs his shirt front.
        yells over the machines.

                                sarah
                      i'm not leaving you anywhere
                      you jerk.  haven't you figured
                      it out?  kyle, john is our
                      son.

        reese's eyes refocus.

                                sarah
                           (continuing)
                      there isn't going to be
                      anybody else...i don't want
                      anybody else.  listen to
                      me!

        she pauses, then resumes in a commanding, military shout.

                                sarah
                           (continuing)
                      move!  reese! let's go.
                      move you ass!

        she drags him to his feet and he staggers on.

        hinges shatter and the firedoor is hurled inward.
        the terminator scans the darkness.

        angle - panning with sarah and kyle as they move through
        the machines.

        the cyborg steps forward, scanning methodically.

        sarah and kyle move in a crouch through the treacherous
        tangle of pipes and machinery.  kyle picks up a length of
        pipe to use as a weapon.  as they climb out onto a cat-
        walk between the two huge mechanisms, sarah clambers over
        an innocuous control panel.
        her knee inadvertently hits a red push button.
        with a roar the stamping-plate of a hydraulic press slams
        down an inch from her hand.
        startled, she tumbles to the catwalk.

        the terminator's eyes swivel as he hears the single non-
        rhythmic sound.

        kyle and sarah run to the end of the catwalk, but find the
        door there locked.

                                sarah
                      come on!

        they double back to escape the cul-de-sac.  the terminator
        steps in front of them, cutting them off.

                                reese
                           (shouting)
                      run!

        he pushes sarah roughly and she stumbles away.
        kyle raises the pipe with his good arm as the terminator
        advances.

                                reese
                           (over his
                           shoulder)
                     run, damn it!

        she hesitates, backing away.
        the cyborg swings at reese
        steel clangs on steel.
        kyle strikes and parries but is sledgehammered back.

        angle on catwalk as kyle lands in a heap, smashed against
        a stanchion of the railing which prevented him falling to
        the factory floor twenty feet below.

        sarah turns and runs.

        low angle past reese, f.g., as the cyborg approaches him.

        e.c.u. - a fuse burning.

        c.u. - kyle's face streaked with blood, pressed to the
        floor as a metal foot clangs down, f.g.   his eyes snap open.

        sarah falls, gets up, runs on.
        the terminator draws back for a death blow.
        and kyle rolls with the last of his strength, raising
        the pipe bomb he has been cradling.  he jams it between two
        hydraulic cylinders just beneath the cyborg's armored  rib-
        cage.  then rolls off the catwalk.  terminator has an instant
        to react, reaching for the bomb, before it explodes.

        sarah is pitched forward by the blast and slides on the
        floor.
        slams up against one wall.
        a withering spray of shrapnel strafes the walls around her.
        pieces of scrap metal clatter throughout the factory, rain-
        ing down.

        c.u. - sarah, very still.  she winces and opens her eyes.
        slowly looks up.

        pov - sarah, as the smoke clears.  the terminator is gone.
        unrecognizable clumps of burning debris lie scattered about.
        looking down through the grating floor she sees kyle's
        body.
        low angle on kyle f.g., sarah on catwalk above.  kyle's eyes
        are half-open.  still.  his face peaceful.
        angle on one of the fires climbing some plastic tubing and
        triggering a sprinkler head.  it begins to rain.
        c.u. - sarah sitting up as the water runs over her.
        she looks down.  protruding from her right thigh is a twisted
        piece of metal.  shrapnel.  part of the cyborg.  she pulls
        it out, grimacing.  her leg is broken.

        it is a long time before she can gather the will to move.

        sarah's pov - she sees a wall phone several yards away,
        beyond the debris from the explosion.
        she starts to crawl toward it.
        she passes a large clump of debris, f.g.

        angle on debris (fx) as it rolls over suddenly!
        now recognizable as the terminator's head and arms, with
        half of the scattered torso trailing wires and twisted
        metal.

        it lunges for her!

        sarah wants to scream this time, from the depths of her
        soul, but there is no scream, only a dry shivering sob.

        the terminator drags itself scraping over the floor, steel
        fingers clutching.

        sarah is shaking and whimpering as she scrabbles away,
        crawling in agony.

        angle on conveyor belt as sarah flops from the catwalk
        onto the moving strip.  she is carried into the intricate
        lattice of equipment.  sarah rolls off weakly before going
        under a set of sorting rollers.

        angle through machinery - on the terminator (fx) as it crawls
        after her, dragging its body.  it tracks her unerringly,
        eyes glowing.

        sarah moves deeper into the dark, clashing jungle of machinery.
        around her is a rain-drenched tangle of cables, pipes and
        unforgiving mechanisms of steel.

        the terminator clambers through after her.

        c.u. - sarah - water pours into her eyes as she catches
        sight of something.  a familiar control box.
        she drags herself toward it.

        c.u. - the terminator (fx) - it spots her wedged in a tiny
        crawl space.  no way out.

        it crawls the last few feet,eyes red in the dark.
        hypnotized, sarah watches the terminator reaching toward her.
        she is jammed in a corner.
        sarah's hand claws around to the front of the control panel,
        seeking the red button.

        e.c.u. - her wet fingertips feel the button.

        angle on the terminator (fx), his steel hand reaching out.

        e.c.u. - sarah, her face inexplicably calm, eyes steady in
        that infinite instant.  she clenches her teeth to keep
        from screaming as she waits.

        the terminator's hand reaches for her throat to crush
        the life out of her and end its long mission.

                                sarah
                           (voice icy)
                      you're...terminated...fucker!

        e.c.u. - button, as her bloody finger stabs it down.

        full shot, showing how the cyborg has been led into the
        maw of the hydraulic press.
        the stamping plate thunders down!
        tons of mechanical pressure flatten the terminator's head
        and body like tin-foil.  the press screams, jamming solid.
        lightning snaps out in one brief blaze, leaping to surround-
        ing machinery, arcing to sarah's wristwatch.  all the
        terminator's energy is released in one second.

        angle on the narrow gap between the upper and lower plates:
        a pinpoint of red light dwindles and goes out.
        tight on sarah, shivering uncontrollably.  the steel fingers
        are frozen an inch from her throat.  she can only stare as
        water runs over her.

                                               cut to:


