46      ext. melted ruins - night                              46

        tight on a gleaming steel tread as it grinds through debris.
        the debris is ferroconcrete, girders, and jackstraw heaps of
        human bones, burned black.

        there is the sound of explosions, distant, and an intermittent
        electronic whine.  incredibly bright searchlights play over
        the ground.  panning with the moving treads through twisted
        wreckage, f.g.
        the screen whites out with a blast, very close.  as the
        debris clatters down, a helmetted head snaps up into frame,
        extreme f.g.

        the visor of the high-tech helmet is shattered, presumably
        by the explosion.  the wearer rips it off, revealing a
        younger reese, minus his burn scar.
        his face is bathed in sweat, lit by the glow from a crt
        scope-sight on a strange-looking rifle.
        the sound of screams and hoarse shouts not far off, and a
        continuous low murmuring of radio chatter, grid coordinates,
        casualties, unit placements, medic requests.

        reese looks over his shoulder at his teammate, a girl
        of about sixteen, gaunt, dirty, heavily armed like himself.
        dollying as they start to belly crawl through the bones
        and wreckage.
        reese looks up.
        through spires of a collapsed building a terrifying
        sphinx-like shape moves against the sky...obscured by dust
        and blinding sweeps of its searchlights.
        though we see little, this is an h-k,hunter-killer
        mobile ground-unit.

        reese crawls, pacing the h-k, under and through, on elbows
        and knees, past mounds of charred skulls.  they
        pass the body of a child, a boy of about 10, center-
        punched with a smoking hole.  the boy clutches a rifle.
        more bodies.  some in rags, some in uniforms like theirs.
        women. old men. children.  they're all dirty and gaunt,
        scabrous.  and still bleeding.  reese scrabbles past a
        dark rat-hole and there are human rats in it.  some of them
        are sobbing, or screaming.

        another explosion.
        the glare lights the huddled few.
        human vermin with mud-caked weapons that haven't been
        invented yet.  soldiers in a nightmare war.

        reese and his teammate stop behind a blasted wall, having
        outflanked the massive h-k.  its flashing blue lights flick
        across the walls, its searchlights sear through the
        debris.

        wider, showing the h-k more clearly...a blast-scarred
        chrome leviathon, with hydraulic arms folded mantis-like
        against its 'torso', and huge underslung gun turrets.

        reese leaps up and straight-arms a satchel-charge into its
        path.  one tread rolls over the explosive.
        guns and searchlights swivel.  the head turns ponderously.
        reese's partner rises, poised to throw hers.
        a power-bolt catches her at the top of her arc, blowing
        her into red mist.

        reese is knocked down by the concussion.  gets up, running,
        as the charges blow.
        the h-k's tread carriers are ripped apart.
        it lurches to a stop, burning.

        the following sequence is extremely foreshortened.
        cut fast.  impressions only.
        running.
        explosions light the ruins like flashbulbs.
        energy weapons criss-cross the night like tracers.
        low angle, up past the burning h-k as its flying counter-
        part, an aerial h-k, arcs into view with a turbojet whine.

        reese hauls two survivors of his unit into a personnel
        carrier, a chevy camaro with steel plate welded over it and
        the roof cut away to access the 50 caliber machine gun.
        it's stripped and rusted and bullet-riddled, glassless.
        the tires are off-road and very gnarly.

        they're driving through the ruins, up and over and through.
        reese drives like a demon.  under other circumstances it
        would be considered insane.  here it is merely very good.

        the machine gun chatters.
        a black shape descends, a demon with searchlights.
        a bolt of light.

        reese's car flips like a kicked beer can, rolling and
        crumpling.  he's pinned in the wreck, bloody, screaming
        despite his training.  the only other survivor, an
        emaciated boy of twelve, is pulling for all he's worth
        to drag reese out before it burns.

                                               cut to:


