239     ext. freeway overpass - night                          239

        from the railing sarah sees the tanker below as

        a body falls beside it, rolling.
        the truck swings in a slow arc.
        tears through the dividing fence.
        heads back toward her on the wrong side of the freeway.

        she stares in numb horror.
        the nightmare refuses to end.
        she runs to the crippled pickup and sees a front tire flat,
        shredded by a crumpled fender.

        she searches the cab frantically for the keys to the
        motorcycles.  finds them above the sun visor.

        sarah leaps into the bed of the pickup and attacks the
        motorcycle strap-downs frantically.
        panting with terror she rolls the bike off the truck.
        it crashes on its side and she falls on it painfully.

        straining until she cries out involuntarily, she lifts
        it upright.
        kicks the engine over.

        low angle

        as the tanker crashes back through the divider and starts
        up the overpass.  sarah is trapped in that concrete corridor.
        she kicks for her life.
        the bike catches for a moment.  dies.

        the truck bellows, down-shifting on the curving grade.
        sarah kicks again and again, crying out with each stroke.
        again and again, furiously.
        the engine catches.

                                sarah
                           (rapidly)
                     come on, come on, come on
                     ...run, you...

        the bike runs with a healthy roar.

        low angle

        up the face of the tractor-trailer, the retaining wall blur-
        ring by.  terminator's red eye can be seen through the wind-
        shield.

        sarah drags reese, stumbling,to the bike, props him on the
        seat behind her.  he clutches the satchel weakly.

                                sarah
                     hold on real tight, okay?

        she guns the engine and roars off.

        low angle

        as the tanker demolishes the pickup a moment later, tossing
        it over the side like a beer can.

                                               cut to:


