33      ext. suburban street - day

        angle on a standard-issue l.a. suburban street with kids
        racing big wheels b.g.

        low angle with the frame comprising a single house, toy-
        littered lawn and mailbox.  extreme f.g., by the curb, is
        a child's plastic truck.

        there is the sound of a car engine approaching, and the
        front of the yellow maverick appears, stopping at the curb.
        its front tire  crushes the toy.

        panaglide on terminator, preceding him as he steps out of the
        car, pauses by the mailbox to check the name, and strides
        toward the house.

        a young boy, playing in the driveway, watches him pass.  the
        boy's dog, a small terrier, growls low and mean, crouching
        back from terminator.

        he rings the doorbell and waits, motionless.
        the door opens a few inches, held by a security chain,
        revealing a frail middle-aged woman in apron and rubber
        cleaning gloves.

                                terminator
                      sarah connor?

                                woman
                      no, she's upstairs.  who
                      shall i say is--

        terminator breaks the chain and pushes past her as if she
        didn't exist.

                                               cut to:


33a     int. house/foyer                                       33a

        panaglide on terminator, preceding his as he crosses the
        foyer and mounts the stairs.  the woman starts after him.

                                woman
                      what do you think you're--
                      my god!

        she gasps and stops in her tracks as terminator smoothly
        pulls the .45 from under his jacket and snaps the cocking
        slide.

                                woman
                           (screeching)
                      oh my god...sarah!

                                               cut to:

33b     int. bedroom                                           33b

        installed on her bed for an afternoon of 'soaps' is the
        wrong sarah connor.  electrode pads exercise her doughy
        thighs as the 35 year old divorcee watches "general hospital".
        she calls out distractedly:

                                wrong sarah connor
                      what is it, mom?

        she jumps as the door bangs open.  and stares in dumb
        amazement as the good-looking, intense-eyed man in the
        strange clothes raises a pistol.

        and aims it at her face.

        it all seems less real than "general hospital" in that
        half-second before he fires.

                                               cut to:

33c     int. foyer                                             33c

        the mother is fumbling with a telephone when she hears
        the shot.  the silence stretches for several beats.  then
        five more shots are heard.
        the woman screams and drops the phone as she stares upward.

        angle on ceiling above her.  with each successive shot a
        chuck of plaster explodes off the ceiling.

                                               cut to:

33d     int. bedroom                                            33d

        low angle on terminator, standing with the .45 aimed
        down at the dead woman, just out of frame on the floor.
        he unhurriedly removes the spent clip, reloads the weapon
        and replaces it under his jacket.

        crouching down, he turns the woman's body over, confirming
        that she is dead.

                                               cut to:

33e     int. foyer                                             33e

        the mother is frantically dialing the phone.  she mis-
        dials, starts over.  then stops as she hears the bedroom
        door open.

        terminator stands at the head of the stairs.
        his hand is bloody where he grasped the dead woman's
        shoulder.

        he starts down the stairs.
        the mother stands paralyzed, unable to breathe.
        he reaches the main floor and walks toward her.
        she edges into a corner, eyes wide.
        he reaches out.

        and wipes his hands clean on her apron.

        terminator walks out, without expression, leaving the
        woman to sag to the floor in a faint.

                                               cut to:


