160     int. police department foyer - night                   160

        silberman can be seen through a glass partition next to
        the bullet-proof glass booth enclosing the night desk
        sergeant's counter.  the sergeant hits a button and there
        is a loud bull-clack.  the electric bolt on the security
        door opens and silberman steps out.

        as he exits the station, he passes terminator just coming in
        the front door.  he glances at the pale apparition in cap
        and dark wrap-arounds, but goes on.
        terminator approaches the desk sergeant who barely glances
        up when he speaks.

                                terminator
                      i'm a friend of sarah connor.
                      i was told she is here.  can
                      i see her, please?

                                sergeant
                      you can't see here.  she's
                      making a statement.

                                terminator
                      where is she?

                                sergeant
                           (laconically)
                      look.  it's gonna be a while.
                      you wanna wait.  there's a
                      bench.

        terminator steps back, scanning the booth, the electric
        door, the rooms beyond.

                                terminator
                      i'll come back.

        he turns and walks out through the front doors.

        angle past desk sergeant, f.g. - on front doors, the officer
        is absorbed in paperwork, not watching as a pair of lights
        get brighter outside the doors.  rapidly.  he glances up
        at the last second as the glare falls fully on him.  crash!
        several cops and late night loiterers scatter as a car
        smashes into the foyer.  it blasts through the sergeant's
        booth, crushing him in the wreckage.

                                               cut to:


