186     int. parking structure - night                         186

        the platoon enters a cavernous chamber, an old parking
        structure, in which a large group is gathering.
        as the entrance, armed sentries with dogs are passing in
        new arrivals: men wearing mismatched uniforms or rags and
        carrying all types of weapons from lasers to shotguns.
        weapons are left at the sentry post.

        following reese as he patrols the perimeter.
        he walks along a row of cars, models from the eighties and
        nineties, now stripped, rusty and modified to carry weapons.
        there are conventional military vehicles as well.
        he passes several family groups.
        gaunt kids are huddles around an old tv set.
        its glow bathes them.

        reverse angle reveals that the set has been gutted and a
        small cookfire crackles inside the shell.
        nearby a kid has a large rat cornered and is whacking it
        with a stick.

        reese pauses at the end of the row of vehicles and unsnaps
        a pocket in his tunic, removing a small paper rectangle,
        a worn photograph.

        c.u. - reese, gazing down.  his head snaps around at the
        sudden sound of barking.

        angle on sentry post as the dogs go crazy.

                                sentry
                           (shouting)
                      terminator!

        an innocuous, rag-dressed man flips back his poncho to
        reveal a powerful plasma-rifle.  he opens fire, running
        forward.  energy bolts rip into the crowd.

        moving with reese, running toward the terminator.

        rapid cuts:

        powerbolts explode among the fleeing people.
        beams sear the darkness.
        a running child is burst by a plasma hit.

        angle on reese running.  he levels his energy-rifle and
        starts firing.  a powerbolt grazes his cheek, exploding
        a support column behind him.  part of the roof collapses
        as reese tumbles.

        everything is lit as if by lightning.

        c.u. - reese, semi-conscious.  burned.  bleeding.
        impressions implode on him: running feet, flashes, energy
        beams raking the ground leaving molten worm-tracks, scream-
        ing, a burning dog howling.

        detail - the picture reese has been looking at has fallen,
        forgotten.  it catches fire and starts to curl.  before
        the image vanishes we see that it is a picture of sarah.

        reese looks up.
        a figure looms above, a silhouette in the smoky, hellish
        glare.  the terminator.  its  eyes glow red.

        a brilliant explosion whites out the screen.

                                               cut to:


