3       ext. playground - night                               3

        a beer bottle smashes on the ground.  pull back to include
        its ex-owner and his two compatriots, youth gang members,
        lounging on the jungle gym of a deserted playground.  they
        sport nondescript punk regalia...torn t-shirts, fatigue
        pants, combat boots or high-top sneakers, leather jackets.

        the leader notices something and sits up.

                                leader
                           (pointing)
                     hey, hey...what's wrong with
                     this picture?

        angle - reverse, seen past the lounging toughs, terminator
        walks naked into a pool of streetlight, striding purpose-
        fully toward them.

        angle - over terminator's shoulder, as he approaches them.
        they slide from their perches and drop easily to the ground
        liquid shadows.

                                leader
                     nice night for a walk, eh?

        terminator stops right in front of them.

                                terminator
                           (without inflec-
                           tion)
                      nice night for a walk.

        they surround him, all swagger and malign good humor.

                                second punk
                      washday tomorrow, huh?  nothing
                      clean, right?

        terminator eyes them without expression, unhurried.
        reptilian.

                                terminator
                      nothing clean.  right.

                                leader
                      this guy's a couple bricks
                      short.

        terminator turn to the second punk, ignoring the
        others.

                                terminator
                      your clothes.  give them to me.

        the punks exchange glances, dismayed.

                                terminator
                           (coldly)
                      now.

                                second punk
                           (bracing)
                      fuck you, asshole.


        without warning terminator hammer-punches him in the temple
        with blinding speed.  the blow flings him with a clang into
        the jungle gym.  he drops to the ground in a still heap,
        eyes open, twitching.

        the leader whips out his switchblade and slashes in one
        motion.  terminator ducks back and catches the knife-
        wielder's wrist in an inhuman grip.  then he punches the
        leader with piledriver force just below the breastbone.

        angle - pavement, as the knife clatters down.  the punk's
        combat boots are on tiptoe, barely touching the ground.

        angle - two shot, terminator and the leader are close
        together as if dancing, but motionless.  their bodies are in
        total shadow.  the punk's eyes are wide, his veins distended
        with an agonizing pressure.  terminator jerks his fist back
        with a wet sound and the other drops out of frame.

        the last tough is stumbling away, gaping with terror.  he
        backs into a chainlink fence, turns to run along it, finds
        he is in a corner.

        terminator takes a step toward him, his gaze ominous.

        the punk begins shakily stripping off his clothes.
        thunder peals overhead.

                                               cut to:

