91      int. stoker's bar - night                              91

        the waitress set a cup of coffee in front of sarah.

                                waitress
                      anything else?

        sarah shakes her head "no" and contemplates her trembling
        hands.  she half-turns, catching a glimpse of herself in
        the mirror behind the bar.

        tight on sarah, reflected in the mirror.  in the f.g. a
        man at the bar looks up from his beer, straight into her eyes.
        it is reese.
        he gazes at her coolly for a moment, then glances away.

        c.u. - sarah, feeling trapped, frantic.

        angle on front door as it opens and a figure stands silhou-
        etted briefly against a streetlight.

        reese turns, his eyes flickering to the mirror, the figure.

        c.u. - reese as he mechanically raises his beer.  his knuckles
        are white.  he slowly undoes the top button of his overcoat.
        there is a glint of metal in the shadows within.
        reese turns slowly on his barstool as the figure brushes past
        him, out-of-focus f.g.
        sarah looks up.

        e.c.u. - reese's hand sliding slowly along polished steel,
        a caress.  his finger slips through the triggerguard of the
        riot gun.

        medium on sarah, as the man stops in front of her in close f.g.
        he sits slowly in the booth opposite her.  the angle is over
        his shoulder.

                                sarah
                           (uncertainly)
                     lieutenant vukovich?

        reverse angle - it is not lt. vukovich.
        terminator sits motionless for a beat.
        blue eyes so pure and deep.  the eyes of a saint, perhaps.

        the .45 is out and cocked and aimed directly at camera, almost
        in one motion.
        the bore seems enormous.

        back on sarah, over the gun barrel, her eyes go wide.  we hold
        a beat, like a frozen slice of nightmare.

        medium on reese as he whips the riot-gun to a hip-firing posi-
        tion, his overcoat falling back with a snap.  he fires.

        on terminator, as the shotgun blast hits his arm and he fires,
        simultaneously.  sarah screams as the .45 round blows stuffing
        out of the booth seat inches from her face.  her hair is
        singed by burning gunpowder.  an involuntary cry is punched
        out of her by the double concussions.

        reese is stroking up another shell as terminator half-rises
        from booth.

        over reese's shoulder, as he fires, cocks the slide, fires
        again, advancing on sarah's booth.
        terminator is blown backward over the center divider,
        crashing through the glasses and pitchers of beer on the
        table opposite, and onto the floor.

        sarah is screaming, scrunched down in the booth.

        terminator is lying on his back at the feet of a table-
        full of drunk patrons.
        he has two rifled 12 gauge slugs in his chest and one
        in the arm.

        the bar customers are frozen in the weird tableau, cowering,
        gaping.
        sarah stops screaming.
        reese stand motionless, gun aimed.
        in the sudden silence, the sound of him cocking the shotgun
        is abnormally loud.

        on terminator, very still.
        then he smoothly rolls to a crouch and slips the uzi machine
        pistol from beneath his overcoat, where it has been hang-
        ing on a shoulder strap.
        he doesn't seem too impaired as he swings around to fire.

        reese rolls like a cat and comes up firing.
        a burst from the uzi rakes the bar where he stood.
        an orgy of shattering glass.
        total pandemonium.

        several angles  as patrons of the bar run, scream or dive
        for cover, depending upon their level of intelligence.

        reese slides through the glass to sarah's booth and seizes
        her wrists.

        on terminator, kneeling amid the chaos, raising the uzi
        one-handed.

        reese tugs viciously on sarah's arm and she sprawls across
        the booth seat a moment before the divider and seat cushion
        erupt with hits from the uzi.

        angle on a running patron as a burst of 9mm fire catches
        him in the chest.  he pitches into sarah's booth, pinning
        her.

        reese fires, ducks, fires again.
        tables crash over.
        a window is blown out.
        a table candle rolls into a pool of high-proof alcohol
        behind the bar.
        it ignites with a whoosh.

        reese feed two shells into the riot-gun.

        tight on terminator, an island of slow, precise movement
        amid the confusion.  he drops a spent clip.  reaches for
        another with his bloody hand.

        moving with reese as he vaults the row of booths and starts
        firing.  at point blank range he unloads the shotgun into
        terminator's belly.

                                               cut to:


