             int. bush plane - the kilbuck mountains, alaska - day

             the loud thrum of a bush plane.  we close on a small, cloudy
             window.  through it we see an endless expanse of pine trees.

                                 hap (o.s.)
                       jesus.  just look at all that.

             pull back to reveal hap eckhart and will dormer sitting side
             by side.  hap's at the window.  greying moustache, a little
             pudgy, wearing a brown suit.  holding a folded over seattle
             times.

                                 hap (cont'd)
                       i thought we had a population problem.
                       everyone should just move up here.
                           (taps window)
                       just look at it, will.

             will's eyes remain on the file on his lap.

                                 will
                       i don't need to look at it.

             will dormer.  tall, handsome, expensively tailored suit.
             snakeskin cowboy boots.  there's both a magnetism and a
             distance to him.  an intense mixture.  hap glances at him.
     
                                 hap
                       nothing wrong with smelling the roses.

             will looks up.  we see the trace of a thick, ropy scar by his
             adam's apple.  there's tension between him and hap, just
             below the surface.  he taps the file.

                                 will
                       tell that to her, partner.

             angle on the file

             a stack of 8x10 photographs.  of the dead girl.  her eyes
             puffed up from bruises.  the whites bloody.  contusions along
             her breasts and shoulders.

                                 pilot (o.s.)
                       detective?

             the pilot's looking back at will.  wearing a leather red
             baron hat.

                                 pilot (cont'd)
                       better check your belts.  we'll be
                       landing in about fifteen minutes.

             will nods.  the plane lurches.  the file falls to the floor
             and the photographs scatter.  the pilot catches a glimpse of
             them.  looks at will.

