             ext. cemetery - nightmute - day

             close on a young girl's face.  dark hair held up in two
             barrettes, wind tousling the curls.  reading from a piece of
             paper. 

                                 young girl
                       ...and that's how i think kay would want
                       us to remember her...

             pull back to reveal kay connell's funeral.  people standing
             by the grave, most of them high schoolers.  the sky's a
             brilliant blue.  red fireweeds blanket the hillside.

                                 young girl (cont'd)
                       ...swimming, reading, hiking through the
                       kebaughs...

             fred, ellie and will

             stand off to the side.  dressed in black.  fred looks like
             he's never worn a tie before.  ellie holds a potted plant.  a
             gift for the bereaved.

                                 young girl (cont'd)
                       ...playing her flute, meeting at darrow's
                       after school...

             will.  eyes bloodshot.  not really listening.  not really
             paying attention.  a thousand miles away.  tugs at his
             collar.  feels tight.

                                 young girl 
                       ...and always, always with a smile on her
                       face.

             the young girl looks up.  folds the paper closed.  people
             sniffle.  mrs. connell, reaches out to squeeze her arm.

             some children.  start circulating with plastic buckets.
             filled with white carnations.  handing them out.

                                 voice (o.s.)
                       want one?

             will, startled, looks down.  a little girl stands before him.
             curly hair.  glasses.  holding up a bucket.  he shakes his
             head.  looks back up at

             the mourners lining up to place the carnations on kay's
             casket.

             an old man with a brass-tipped cane.  two girls, look like
             sisters, holding each other up.  a man with a thick red
             beard.  a little boy, about five, clutching a flute tied with
             a pink ribbon...

             will, looks away.  then.  at the end of the line.  something
             catches his eye.

             randy stetz

             in tight jeans and a down vest.  in front of him stands a 
             girl with white-blonde hair.

             from the torn pictures in kay connell's room.

             will, straightens at the sight of her.

             sees randy surreptitiously caress her ass.

