             int. walter byrd's apartment - day

             with a click the door swings open.  will, gloves on, pockets
             his credit card.  hears the ching ching of dog collars as
 
             two labrador retrievers stand at attention, growling.  will's
             prepared.  takes a bag of treats from his pocket.

                                 will
                       lucy.  desi.

             the dogs break.  trot over to him.  wolf down the treats.
             will scans the place.  small, cheap.  matching sofa and easy
             chair, corduroy upholstery.  the walls, lined with old 1950s
             movie posters.  all second-rate detective movies:  "another
             shot in the dark," "lady luck," "he wore a black hat."

             will walks across the room.  repulsed.  the pathetic hovel of 
             a killer.  looks into the
   
             bedroom

             single bed.  books and magazines.  a half-eaten tuna sandwich
             on the bedside table.  "nypd blue" calendar on the wall.

             it's quiet.  he walks over to a large desk by the window.
             scattered papers.  computer.  mini cassette recorder.
     
             on the wall, hundreds of newspaper articles.  some yellowing,
             some fresh.  all about cops: "officer louis saved my life!"
             "shoot-out in soho," "south street cop takes down drug
             ring," "seattle cop killed by suspect..."

             will curls his lip.  starts looking through the papers on the
             desk.  underneath a stack, he finds an 8x10 photograph.  it's
             of byrd, standing in front of a big, lakeside house.  a radio
             tower in the background.  walter byrd's face is blurred,
             turned to the side.  the photo from the book bio.

             will takes it.  starts roughly opening drawers.  a box of
             animal crackers, a rubber band ball.  then, shoved in the
             back of the top drawer, an appointment book.  will flips
             through to today's date.  blank.  shoves the book into his
             pocket.  slams the door closed.
  
             then reaches back for his smith 39/13.  checks the magazine.
             slaps it back in place.  he's ready.

             suddenly the phone rings.  a beige rotary on the desk.
             plugged into an ancient answering machine.  it rings again.
             the answering machine whirs.  then beeps.

                                 walter's voice
                       now you're mad at me.

             will freezes.

                                 walter's voice (cont'd)
                       ...i spotted your car around the corner.
                       you must have been in a hurry.  put some
                       pieces together.  don't worry, i would
                       have done the same thing...

             will turns back to the window.  looking furiously...

                                 walter's voice (cont'd)
                       anyway...
                           (blows nose)
                       ...i'm not coming home.  so you
                       shouldn't wait there all day.  i mean,
                       they'll wonder about you at the station.
                       you should be careful about following
                       procedure, will, especially now that...

             will lunges for the phone.  snatches it up just as click! the
             tape cuts off.

                                 will
                       goddammit!

             enraged, he punches the receiver through the wall.

