2   int.   shopping precint			   night		  2
	
	xmas decorations are everywhere. people are busy buying,
	ogling, discussing, choosing wisely from the goodies on
	display. shoppers are going by laden with superbly
	packaged goods ... the shop windows are full of
	elaborately boxed and be-ribboned who-knows-what. in one
	window is a bank of tv sets - on the great majority of the
	screens is the face of mr. helpmann - the deputy minister
	of information. he is being interviewed. no-one bothers to
	listen to helpmann.

					 interviewer
			deputy minister, what do you believe
			is behind this recent increase in
			terrorist bombings?

					  helpmann
			bad sportsmanship. a ruthless
			minority of people seems to have
			forgotten certain good old fashioned
			virtues. they just can't stand seeing
			the other fellow win. if these people
			would just play the game, instead of
			standing on the touch line heckling -

					 interviewer
			in fact, killing people -

					  helpmann
			- in fact, killing people - they'd
			get a lot more out of life.

	we pull away from the shop to concentrate on the shoppers.
	helpmann's voice carries over the rest of the scene.

					 interviewer
			mr. helpmann, what would you say to
			those critics who maintain that the
			ministry of information has become
			too large and unwieldy ...?

					  helpmann
			david ... in a free society
			information is the name of the game.
			you can't win the game if you're a
			man short.

	fur bedecked shoppers pass in front of what appears to be
	banks of snow but as we pan along with them the "snow"
	turns out to be fire-fighting foam. it oozes out of a shop
	front that is a charred twisted mass of metal frames.
	workmen are busily sealing the opening with plywood
	sheets, shoppers pay no attention to this. xmas carols are
	being played by a salvation army style band calling
	themselves consumers for christ. santa claus's grotto is
	busy, all is well with the world.

					 interviewer
			and the cost of it all, deputy
			minister? seven percent of the gross
			national produce ...

					  helpmann
			i understand this concern on behalf
			of the tax-payers. people want value
			for money and a cost-effective
			service.

