30  int. sam's bedroom				   night		 30
	
	sam is in bed, grappling with the bedclothes. he is
	dripping with sweat and screaming. the room is
	oppressively hot. he gets up and looks at the thermostat.
	it reads 99. he fumbles with it, but to no avail. it's
	stuck.
	
	cut to sam coming into the sitting room. he rushes over to
	the window and tries to open it. but it wasn't designed to
	be opened. screws hold it firmly shut. sam heads to the
	kitchen he finds a knife which he uses to unscrew the
	window. he swings the window open and takes a deep breath.
	gag! cough! hack! a terrible greeny-brown smog pours in
	through the window. desperately sam shuts the window and
	madly tightens up the screws. swinging a newspaper, he
	tries clearing a path through the clouded atmosphere. he
	makes it to the front door and staggers out into the hall
	gasping for air.
	cut to telephone being lifted from its cradle. pull back
	as sam with opened telephone directory in front of him
	dials. he is seated in his kitchen. in front of his open
	refrigerator. the phone rings at the other end.
	
						sam
				(into phone)
			hello - central services - i'm at
			579b block l9, northwestern section d
			- that's exit 1 on green pastures
			highway at the orange blossom flyover
			- and i've got trouble with the air-
			conditioning
	
					 phone voice
			thank you or calling central
			services. am sorry, due to temporary
			staff shortage, central services
			cannot take service calls centrally
			between 2300 and 0900 hours - have a
			nice day - this has not been a
			recording, incident-
	
						sam
			this is an emergency!
						 
					 phone voice
			thank you for calling central
			services. i am sorry, due -
	
						sam
			yes, but. i've got to have a heating
			engineer
	
					 phone voice
			thank you for calling cen -
	
	sam slams the phone down.
	
	cut to sam sitting in front of the refrigerator. the door
	is open and he has wedged a chair into the gap in a
	desperate bid to keep cool. he is nodding off. as his head
	slumps against one of the shelves, a jar of pickled onions
	falls to the floor. the onions scattering everywhere.
	
