19  int.   buttle sitting-room			night		 19

	crash! it's a raid! battle-dressed security troops smash
	trough the door. another one, swings from a rope, kicks in
	the window from the outside and enters that way. most
	alarmingly of all, a shower of plaster comes down from the
	ceiling in which a fairly neat round hole appears and
	through the hole comes a fireman's pole down which slide
	two more security troops. the whole thing is short, brutal
	and violent.
	
	buttle is grabbed violently and stuffed into a baglike
	canvas device that covers him from head to waist. a metal
	clamp goes round his neck, a metal bar slides up the back
	of the bag. his hands are handcuffed to the metal bar. in
	seconds he has become a canvas parcel. meanwhile, girl
	buttle has been carried out of her bedroom and dumped into
	the lap of her screaming mother. boy buttle has his toy
	machine gun knocked out of his hands by a trooper who we
	see is identical in dress to the action men boy buttle has
	been playing with. he rushes to his mother as guns are
	viciously trained on them. troops are kicking open the
	doors of other rooms and generally doing a good job. an
	official, wearing plain clothes, now enters from the front
	door and during the turmoil is reading aloud from an
	official document. it goes something like this:

					  official
			i hereby inform you under powers
			entrusted to me under section 47,
			paragraph 7 of council order number
			438476, that mr buttle, archibald,
			residing at 412 north tower, shangri
			la towers, has been invited to assist
			the ministry of information with
			certain enquiries, the nature of
			which may be ascertained on
			completion of application form
			bz/st/486/c fourteen days within this
			date, and that he is liable to
			certain obligations as specified in
			council order 173497, including
			financial restitutions which may or
			may not be incurred if information
			retrieval procedures beyond those
			incorporated in article 7 subsections
			8, 10 & 32 are required to elicit
			information leading to permanent
			arrest - notification of which will
			he served with the time period of 5
			working days as stipulated by law. in
			that instance the detainee will be
			debited without further notice
			through central banking procedures
			without prejudice until and unless at
			such a time when re-imbursement
			procedures may be instituted by you
			or third parties on completion of a
			re-imbursement form rb/cz/907/x ...

	... and more of the same, most of which is part of the
	audible wall paper while the chaos reigns. as the front
	door slams behind the captive relative peace returns,
	broken by mrs buttle's anguished sobbing.
	
					  official
				(proffering a pen and a
				thick book of pink receipts
				to mrs buttle)
			sign here please.
			
					 mrs buttle
				(dazed. she signs weakly)
			what? where have you taken him?

					  official
				(taking the book)
			thank you.
				(he hands her another book,
				this one of blue receipts)
				(indicating place to sign)
			same again please. just there.
				(checking first book of
				receipts)
			press harder his time. good.

					 mrs buttle
				(signing again)
			what is this all about?

					  official
				(tearing out sheet from
				pink book)
			that's your receipt for your husband.
				(taking blue book from her)
			thank you. and this is my receipt for
			your receipt.
				(he turns to leave along
				with troopers)

	jill's shocked face appears looking down through the hole
	in the ceiling. the faces of the workmen bill and charlie
	also appear, above and behind her.

						jill
			mrs buttle, are you alright?

	the helmeted security troops in buttle's flat drop to
	defensive positions and swing their machine guns up
	towards the hole in the ceiling. all three faces retreat.
	
	
