139 ext.   shopping					 precinct	night139
	
	eluding his pursuers, sam dives into a crowded, garishly
	lit, shopping centre. once among the protective company of
	he mindlessly shopping mob, sam slows down and proceeds
	casually. the shoppers go about their programmed business
	paying no attention to the paperwork swirling about them.
	searching the crowd, sam spots tuttle making his way
	towards him. tuttle is having a bit of trouble walking
	against the steadily increasing wind. as he proceeds
	across an open area a blown piece of paper. catches on his
	foot. he tries shaking it off.
	
	it remains firmly stuck. while he is struggling with the
	piece of paper another, larger piece catches his other
	leg. he begins to lose his temper trying to dislodge the
	flying debris. another hits him and twists around his arm.
	still more paper blows against him. he is having
	difficulty staying upright. twisting this way and that he
	tries to free himself, but more and more paper covers him.
	he is practically obscured from view. sam can't believe
	what he is seeing. shoppers continue about their business,
	apparently unaware of tuttle's terrible plight. apart from
	one shopper who loses control of her shopping trolley -
	and watches it career down the steps of the shopping
	precinct. by now tuttle is totally encased in this cocoon
	of litter. he is now just a ball of paper writhing about
	on the ground. sam has to do something. he rushes out from
	his hiding place and tries to pull the litter off tuttle.
	the pieces come loose with surprising ease. the wind
	carries them away as sam frantically tears at the pile.
	but there is no sign of tuttle. nothing. the last few
	pieces of paper flutter away leaving sam standing there
	with a couple of posters in his hands. he realises that he
	is suddenly very visible. all the shopping bustle has
	stopped. they are all staring at him. sam spots troops
	shouldering their way towards him. he turns tail and
	dashes off.
	
	
