53  ext.   strange landscape			  anti-day	   53
	
	sam is heading down towards a barren landscape. strange
	mounds dot the barrenness - they ooze smoke and the
	occasional flame. near one of the mounds are two long
	lines of shrouded figures being forced into two giant
	cages, suspended beneath two great misshapen balloons. the
	black-robed forces of darkness (fod) surround the
	prisoners, relentlessly herding them towards the cages.
	the entire scene is strangely coloured by unearthly light.
	the sky is blood red and where the sun should be is a
	black disc. sam descends on his cape-parachute.
	
	cut to prisoners in their grey shrouds, shuffling towards
	the jaws of the brutal cages. they are defeated,
	destroyed, without hope. the fod prod and whip them
	forward. one of the fod raises his spear to force a
	stumbling prisoner to his feet but stops with the spear
	raised above his head. he has seen something. other fods
	turn to see what it is. cut to sam landing on the beach -
	a short distance away. the prisoners stop and look up. we
	see their faces clearly for the first time. one of them is
	mrs buttle. others are people sam saw in the flats, and
	the kids. sam recognises them. he is slightly taken aback.
	a look of determination crosses his face. he draws the
	sword. everyone is frozen in place. sam starts forward.
	but he is stopped by a violent tremor as the earth begins
	to tremble and shake. everyone looks terrified. with a
	mighty roar a crack opens up in the ground between sam and
	the others. brilliant rays of light shaft upwards from the
	opening. and then, with a maniacal shriek, the large black
	flapping thing shoots out of the crevasse and streaks high
	into the sky. sam hesitates and turns to look down into
	the light. there, under several meters of the earth's
	crust are fluffy white clouds darting about in a beautiful
	blue sky. sam is delighted but as he looks up he is frozen
	in his tracks by an enormous figure that straddles the
	crevasse. this terrifying creature stands over 12 feet
	high. he is encased in a frightening concoction of ancient
	japanese armour which seems on closer examination to he
	made of computer parts. his face is hidden behind a
	horrific steel mask. it is the giant samurai warrior that
	was pushing the drawer closed in the storeroom of
	knowledge. in his hand is an evil-looking spear. sam is
	unsure which way to turn. the grey prisoners are being
	loaded into the cages with more speed. he turns to face
	the giant warrior. as sam steps forward the giant stands
	ominously still. then very slowly he raises his spear in
	an almost religious gesture. poof! he vanishes. as he does
	the light from the day is cut off. looking down, sam sees
	that he crevasse has vanished as well. maniacal laughter
	from the flapping black thing makes sam look up to see the
	ballooned cage packed with grey prisoners rise up from the
	ground and begin to float away escorted by the black
	flapping thing. sam rushes after it grabbing one of the
	trailing ropes. but as he is hoisted into the air it is
	severed by the fods. he tumbles to the ground. looking
	around he sees that, for some reason, the second ballooned
	cage is still tethered nearby. sam rushes over to it and
	begins chopping the tethers away.
	the cage bobbles ungainlily as sam cuts the last
	restraining rope. grabbing hold he is pulled upwards, but
	before he can reach the cage something clutches his leg
	halting his progress. as he struggles his other leg is
	caught. he is being pulled back by two giant hands.
	looking down he can see that from the top of one of the
	smoking mounds a head and two giant arms protrude. the
	face looks like mr kurtzman. sam desperately clings on to
	the rope as he struggles with the restraining hands.
	
				mr kurtzman of the mound
			don't go! it's a trap! she's not what
			she seems.
	
	sam kicks and strains but the hands hold firm.
	
	
