int. nicholas andre's study - night

nicholas andre is pacing around the room with a cordless
phone. he's in his late 30s, wears a ponytail, and dresses
in aspen/rodeo drive chic.

                      andre
          what in hell are those guys up to?
          is it possible that they're feds?
intercut conversation

                      mental
          unlikely from what i've seen.

the anxious man taps on the phone booth and motions for mental
to hang up.

                      andre
          i don't like this one goddamn bit,
          mental. you and shay were supposed
          to grab that bag so we could end
          this shit. now i don't know what the
          hell's going on.

andre sighs and wipes some perspiration from his upper lip.
the anxious man knocks on the booth again.

                                                           37.

                      mental
          hold on a second, mr. andre...

mental puts the phone down and motions the    anxious man closer
to the booth. the man moves forward a few    inches. mental
motions him even closer. when he's about a    foot away, mental
punches his hand through the glass of the    booth and knocks
the anxious man out cold. then

mental picks up the phone again.

                      mental (cont'd)
          sorry, boss. you were saying...?

                      andre
          look, mental, just find out what
          they're up to. i want to know who
          these guys are.

                      mental
          don't worry. i'm on it.

mental hangs up the phone, looks around to make sure he's
not being watched, then approaches the parked mutt cutt van.
he's joined by j.p. shay.

as they get within five feet of the vehicle, we hear a low
growl. they stop in their tracks and turn, expecting to see
a dog but there isn't one. they both take another step
forward, and the growl gets louder and meaner. again, mental
and shay stop. he peeks under the car. nothing.

                      shay
          what the fuck...?

finally, shay reaches for the door handle. as soon as he
touches it, though, the car alarm goes off but instead of a
siren, it's the incredibly annoying sound of a poodle yapping.
mental jumps back and pulls his gun.

                      mental
          where's the goddamn dog?

shay shrugs, nervous. the yapping grows even louder now,
forcing a flustered shay and mental to retreat from the scene.

                                                   dissolve to:

