ext. minas tirith battlements - day

suddenly! 9 nazgul dive out of the dim sky, clad in battle
armour!

angles on: soldiers throw themselves down as the nazgul zoom
overhead, emitting their piercing shrieks! gondorian soldiers
run for shelter in panic, covering their ears ...

close on: pippin cowering . . .

                         gandalf
                  (rallying)
             stand to your posts! do not give in to
             fear. fight!

quick cuts: mighty wooden catapults positioned within the
walls of minas tirith are fired!

the nazgul circle low over the city, like vultures seeking
doomed men's flesh. soldiers are plucked into the air by
shrieking nazgul and dropped to their deaths hundreds of feet
below. towers and buildings are destroyed. chaos as soldiers,
women and children dodge falling masonry.


                                                         (continued)

                                       final revision - october, 2003 85.
continued:


close on: gondorian soldiers send a rain of arrows at the
approaching towers and trolls.

                       gandalf (cont'd)
             not at the towers! aim for the trolls! kill
             the trolls! bring them down!

too late! the towers reach the walls, their doors crashing
down, releasing orcs directly onto the lower levels.

as the orc swarm from the tower, gandalf realises pippin has
come down from the citadel . . .

                        gandalf (cont'd)
             peregrin took - go .back to the citadel!

                        pippin
                  (stupor)
             they called us out to fight . . .

pippin looks on stunned, as a huge orc leaps towards him . . .
gandalf intercepts the beast, striking him with his staff ...

                      gandalf
                  (urgency)
             this is no place for a hobbit!

gandalf welds his staff, cutting through the attacking orc
with ease ... behind him, an orc prepares to cut down gandalf
... pippin instinctively slashes his sword at him.

angle on: gandalf turns on pippin, smiling despite himself.

                       gandalf (cont'd)
             guard of the citadel, indeed! now, back up
             the hill - quickly! quickly!

                                                             "cut to:

