ext. pelennor fields - day

angle on: the battlefield is in chaos as mumakil decimate the
valiant rohirrim . . .

close on: theoden tries to rally his men amid the sea of
crying men and neighing horses!

                      theoden
                (yelling)
           rally to me! to me!

suddenly the witch-king swoops down on his nazgul scooping up
theoden and his horse ... they cartwheel into the air and
land in a heap ... the horse is .dead ... theoden lies dying
beneath it.

angle on: the witch-king swooping down on his fell-beast!

the fell-beast lands on theoden's dead horse.

                      witch-king
           feast on his flesh!

angle on: the fell-beast opens it's wicked jaws . . . !

angle on: a rohan soldier stands before the beast . . . it is
eowyn!

                     eowyn
           i will kill you if you touch him!

close on: the witch-king laughs . . .

                     witch-king
           do not come between the nazgul and his
           prey!

angle on: the fell-beast lifts eowyn from her feet ...

suddenly! with a mighty sword blow, the fell-beast's head is
severed! the huge creature crumples to the ground, vast wings
out-stretched, sending the witch-king sprawling!



                                                      (continued)

                                    final revision - october, 2003 111,
continued:


angle on: the witch-king rises out of the wreckage . . . tall
and threatening . . .

eowyn stands before him,the fell-beast's blood dripping from
her sword!

with a shrill shriek of hatred, he knocks eowyn backwards
with his mace! stunned eowyn tries to stand and is hit once
again with another crippling blow . . .

angle on: the witch-king laughs once again as he smashes his
mace downward ... eowyn tries to block the blow but her
shield shatters into many pieces!

the witch-king towers over eowyn ... raising his mace for the
killing blow!

                                                           cut to:

