int. minas tirith steward'.s tomb - dawn

low angle pov: denethor standing on the table astride
faramir, pouring oil over his own head . . . it runs through
his hair and down his face, quickly soaking his robes.

close on: faramir, his eyes flicker open. as he tries to focus
through his delirium, oil splashes onto his chest and face.

                       denethor                        ,-
            set a fire in our flesh!

bundles of oil-soaked wood are stacked all around them.

servants are holding flaming torches, awaiting their orders
... denethor nods to them:

the servants approach the pyre, torches held firmly.

at that moment: gandalf and pippin burst into the hallows,
astride shadowfax!

                       gandalf
                 (yelling)
            stay this madness!

the fearful servants back away from the pyre ...



                                                       (continued)

                                       final revision - october, 2003 106,
continued:


close on: with a roar, denethor snatches a flaming torch ...
and hurls it at the pyre!

whoosh! the pyre ignites!

angle on: gandalf gallops toward the pyre, knocking denethor
to his feet ... pippin leaps from shadowfax onto the burning
pyre!

with a desperate strength, pippin pushes faramir off the
burning pyre ... they tumble down the bundles of wood, onto
the floor! pippin douses flames on faramir's clothing.

denethor screams with rage!

                        denethor
             no! do not take my son from me!

denethor leaps across the pyre, ripping and tugging at
pippin! fire quickly spreads up denethor's oil-soaked back as
he hauls pippin off faramir!

angle on: shadowfax rears up and strikes at denethor who
falls back onto the pyre .

close on: denethor . . . he looks into his son's eyes . . . for a
brief moment sanity returns.

                           denethor (cont'd)
                   (whisper)
             faramir . . .

angle on: flames begin to engulf denethor . . .

close on: gandalf pulls pippin to safety . . . they look in
horror as . . .

suddenly! denethor lurches off the pyre! now a screaming,
unguided ball of flame, he runs across the chamber,
disappearing out of the door!




                                                        (continued)

                                    final revision - october, 2003 107.
continued: ( 2 )


                        candalf
                 (grimly)
            so passes denethor, son of ecthelion.

                                                             cut to:

