ext. minas tirith, court of the kings - day

angle on: sweeping over the minas tirith walls, racing
towards the top of the city ... through a blizzard of white
flower petals! minas tirith is restored . . . it gleams white
in the bright sun.

soaring up: to reveal the court of the kings, crowded with
4000 people . . . cramming the wide path leading to the tower
hall!                                                      ;

close on: the crown of condor glints in the brilliant
sunshine . . .

gandalf places the crown upon aragorn's head.

                        gandalf
             now come the days of the king ...

aragorn smiles up at gandalf . . .

                        gandalf (cont'd)                      :
                  (softly to aragorn)
             may they be blessed.

aragorn slowly rises, turning to face the crowd, who cheer
and clap for their king . . .



                                                        (continued)

                                    final revision - october, 2003 142,
continued:


                       aragorn
             this day does not belong to one man but to
             all. let us together rebuild this world
             that we may share in the days of peace.

the cheers of his people are deafening ...

aragorn sings for his people ... then walks in slow
procession down the white paved path as the crowd bow their
heads in respect to their new king ...

aragorn passes eowyn and faramir who bow before him ... eomer
steps forward to bow in respect ...

trumpets sound as a procession of elves, dressed in
shimmering silvers and whites, led by legolas approach the
king ... legolas gestures behind him . . .

close on: aragorn's eyes scan amongst the elves

angle on: a banner carried aloft bearing the white tree of
condor in full flower . . . the ranks of elves part revealing:

arwen, eyes shining ... mortal now, but deeply in love ...
carrying the standard of condor ... aragorn kisses her

elrond looks on . . . his face breaks into a smile.

aragorn and arwen embrace.

angle on: aragorn and arwen walking through the crowd towards
four small figures who stand nervously at the end of the
avenue . . .

angle on: aragorn and arwen look on frodo, sam, merry and
pippin, as they stand before them . . .

the four hobbits, dressed in their old clothes, clean and
mended, bow their heads ...

aragorn raises his hand.

                        aragorn (cont'd)
             my friends ... you bow to no-one.


                                                      (continued)

                                    final revision - october, 2003 143,
continued: ( 2 )


angle on: aragorn drops on one knee, kneeling before the
hobbits, his head bowed ... followed by all assembled there.

close on: tears spring into frodo's eyes. he clutches sam's
shoulder as 4000 people pay homage to the courage of two
little hobbits from the shire.

camera rises into the air ... away from the crowded citadel,
until minas tirith becomes a speck in the landscape ...

                                                                 cut to:



