               int. lobby entrance to the "red" elevator - day - 12:28pm

               gene approaches. he notices a flurry of movement, a small 
               group of people moving determinedly through the lobby. it is 
               governor eleanor grant with a small entourage!  she is a 
               handsome woman in her fifties. the entourage consists of 
               krista brooks, eleanor's, late-twenties assistant, a few 
               assorted political aides and a couple of people with name 
               tags. gene is not sure what to do. the group reaches the 
               elevator. krista pushes the button.

                                     eleanor grant
                         they-didn't hear a word i said. the 
                         mike was too low on the podium.

                                     krista
                         how much did we pay for that room?


                                     chief aide
                         we didn't.

                                     eleanor grant
                         somebody did.

               krista turns to an aide.

                                     krist
                         a have nolin pre-check the pa systems.

               the elevator doors open. they crowd in. the doors start to 
               close.

               gene looks around, where did mr. smith go?

               gene springs forward, thrusts his hand between them. the 
               doors stop, then bounce open. gene is startled, finding 
               himself face to face with a cold eyed bodyguard.

                                     bodyguard
                         excuse me, sir, this car is for the 
                         governor. you can take the next one.

                                     eleanor grant
                         don't you dare, franco. this is one 
                         of our biggest supporters.

               she smiles charmingly, offers her hand to gene.

                                     eleanor grant
                         eleanor grant, gubernatorial 
                         incumbent. that's a mouthful isn't- 
                         it? i love saying that.

               gene steps aboard, shakes her hand.

