               int. bonaventure hotel - lobby - day - 12:24pm

               gene enters. it's like another world. a busy, humming, air-
               conditioned planet. people hustle around the restaurants, 
               waterfalls - a definite ant farm ambiance.

               high down angle on gene - lobby - day - 12:24pm

               suddenly we have cut to a video image of gene looking around 
               this hotel, complete with scrolling time and date. shot by 
               someone high above.

               close on gene - lobby - day - 12:24pm

               gene is bumped and buffeted about by the bustling crowd. he 
               breaks free to a clear spot, looks up and freezes. then he 
               starts tracking all around him, seeing...something.

                                     gene
                         oh, my god. oh, no.

               he desperately fumbles in his pocket.

               facing and above him, some workmen on ladders are securing a 
               huge, rolled up banner.

               gene finds what he's looking for - the manila envelope. he 
               rips it open. as he pulls out the photograph that is inside, 
               the workmen let their banner unfurl. we do a simultaneous 
               reveal. the woman in the photograph in the envelope is the 
               same as depicted on the banner. written across the bottom of 
               it in your best red, white, and blue:

                         "re-elect eleanor samara grant governor"

               and an addendum:

                                      "here today!"

                                     gene
                         oh, shit.

               it dawns on him. he looks around him again. this time we see 
               what he sees. campaign posters and banners everywhere. 


               on some of them she is posed with a handsome man, several 
               years her junior. these have the caption, "governor grant 
               and husband brendan".

                                     gene
                         oh, sweet jesus...

               his eyes fall on mr. smith, standing inside the entrance, 
               walkie-talkie in hand, watching him.

               gene looks at a poster, at mr. smith, who smiles, nods and 
               gives gene a move of the head - "get to it."

               gene shoves the photograph away as if it could incriminate 
               him, then slides out the itinerary.

               the itinerary says "california educators' association - 12:00 
               noon - emerald bay room - opening address - governor eleanor 
               samara grant".

               gene checks his watch.

               12:26.

               he looks around him at the confusion and spots a bellboy, 
               gustino, who's cleaning out ashtrays.

                                     gene
                         could you tell me where the emerald 
                         bay room is?

               gustino points up.

                                     gustino
                         third floor. yellow stairwell. follow 
                         the signs.

               gene turns away without a word, starts to walk, then turns 
               back.

                                     gene
                         oh, thanks. thanks a lot.

               gustino smiles.

                                     gustino
                         no problem.


