               int. california ballroom - day - 1:28pm

               view through camera

               the video camera clumsily tracks past the crowd, and comes 
               tosettle on gene who is walking into the room, not quite 
               sure where he is going.

               up on the podium:

                                     brendan grant
                         we have with us today the first woman 
                         governor of our great state...

               gene is pushing forward into the crowd. he looks back, seems 
               surprised, begins turning, searching for someone as:

                                     brendan grant
                         governor eleanor samara grant. what 
                         can i say about her....that won't 
                         get me in trouble when i get home 
                         tonight.

               laughter.

               lose the video camera effect.

               angle on gene - 1:28pm

               gene, in the midst of the crowd, can't locate mr. smith. 
               confusion clouds his face.

               he finds himself near the t.v.technician from the bar. the        
               technician is talking into a walkie-talkie.

                                     t.v. news technician
                         charlie. charlie. charlie, are you 
                         reading me?

               he gets nothing but static. gene's eyes move to the back of 
               the room.

                                     brendan grant
                         she's a woman who loves our great 
                         state.

                                     t.v. news technician
                         charlie...
                              (gives it up)
                         i can't get shit on this stupid radio.


               gene looks up to a spotlight booth set up in the back.

                                     brendan grant
                         a brilliant legislator.

               gene sees the glint of something. a gun? his eyes widen. is 
               that mr smith there? he looks from the spotlight booth to 
               the stage.

                                     brendan grant
                         ...who will soon win her second term 
                         as the greatest governor california 
                         has ever seen!

                                     t.v. news technician
                         somebody's going to ave to run down 
                         to the truck. tell them this radio's 
                         fucked.

               gene looks away from the stage and locks eyes with officer 
               trust. he's at the front of the ballroom to one side of the       
               speaker's platform.

               officer trust stares at gene like a hungry wolf, clutching 
               his gun in his pocket. they both hear:

                                     t.v. news technician
                         i can't get through. walkie-talkies 
                         don't work from here. there's too 
                         much concrete and stuff.

               realization floods gene's eyes. he looks back at mr. smith 
               in he booth.

               angle on mr. smith - extreme closeup

               the camera pans along the barrel of the weapon until it comes     
               to mr. smith who is settling into firing position.

               angle on crowd

                                     brendan grant
                         ladies and gentlemen...

                                     t.v. news technician
                         nothin's getting out.

               officer trust, presses forward, hand in pocket. gene is his 
               target.


               angle on podium - 1:29pm

                                     brendan grant
                         i am honored to present to you our 
                         esteemed governor and my beloved 
                         wife, eleanor samara grant!

               angle on eleanor grant

               the crowd erupts in .applause and cheering as eleanor grant 
               comes from the rear of the auditorium and begins to work her 
               way down the center aisle. she waves and nods to all the 
               lyal supporters who surround her.

                                     eleanor grant
                         thank you! thank you all!

               ballons are released above her onto the center of the floor.

               angle on waiter-gustino

               he is pushing a large high cart filled with hundreds of 
               finished plates back towards the kitchen area.

               angle on gene - 1:30pm

               gene looks at mr. smith and officer trust and the impending       
               disaster. he has to do something...anything...now!

               gene begins frantically clawing his way toward the podium.

                                     gene
                         look out! look out!

               but it is lost in the uproar.

               fighting to be heard above the noise:

               gene clawing forward, screaming hopelessly. he pulls the gun 
               out.

               angle on eleanor grant

               she spots gene in the crowd, pushing toward her, gun drawn. 
               her eyes widen in fear.


               brendan grant follows her gaze. his eyes widen in something 
               other than fear.

               gene aims his gun at the ceiling and fires.

               bam! bam!

                                     gene
                         look out!

               pandemonium.  total chaos. people scattering.

               the gun in the booth swings from gene to eleanor grant.

               mr. smith fires, but his target is blocked by a panicked 
               guest who is hit.

               from behind her, franco runs to protect eleanor grant as 
               more gunfire erupts.

               mr. smith's aim is clear and he pulls...bam!  bam!

               franco is hit in the center of the back and in the shoulder.  
               he falls onto eleanor grant and they both fall down hard on 
               the steps. blood is everywhere.

               angle on gene

               he looks over and sees eleanor grant, beneath franco, looking 
               very dead.

               he careens toward a door.

               angle on podium

               on the dais, brendan grant crawls over to where franco lays, 
               half on top of eleanor grant. they are both still, eyes 
               closed. brendan looks down at his wife's face, splattered        
               with blood.

                                     brendan grant
                         my god, he did it!

               the governor suddenly and violently gasps for breath.  her 
               eyes snap open and burn into brendan. she has heard her worst     
               suspicions confirmed.


               brendan's a great liar, but even he can't hide the shock and 
               fear on his face.

