               int. bonaventure hotel - bar area - day - 12:39pm

               gene heads toward the escalators. ahead of him, he sees 
               eleanor grant and brendan grant surrounded by aides and 
               security men facing a crowd of press people. the governor 
               and her husband have an arm around each other. they are 
               smiling, relaxed, quite the" happy couple. they give each 
               other a warm kiss. camera flashes, recording the moment.

               gene, heading toward them, has to thread his way through a 
               large wedding party - tuxedos and bridesmaid gowns. when he 
               clears them he has neared the impromptu press conference.


               angle on brendan grant - 12:3 9pm

               he is now alone in front of a campaign poster, fielding 
               questions from a few remaining reporters.

               farther on, eleanor grant and her entourage can be seen taking 
               the escalator up. gene heads that way, passing brendan grant.

                                     brendan grant
                         my wife is not interested in negative 
                         campaigning. she wants to accentuate 
                         the positive. i don't know about you 
                         but i find that refreshing.

                                     a reporter
                         have you ever thought of running for 
                         office yourself?

                                     brendan grant
                              (smiles, charmingly)
                         me?

               a pretty young woman walks by. the governor's husband's eyes 
               follow her appreciatively as he says:

                                     brendan grant
                         i'm just a business man.

               angle on gene - 12:40pm

               he nears the escalator. it's crowded and gene is pulled into 
               the midst of news people, tv, radio, press. he joins the 
               flow and lets it pull him along.

               gene rides the escalator to the second floor and follows the 
               crowd up two flights of the circular stairs.

               down a short tunnel and out onto the pool deck.

