               ext. rocky hill - day

               -- santiago running with the squad of marines again, this 
               time down a rocky hill. it's hot as hell and it looks like 
               he's gonna pass out.

               he stumbles, and the sergeant picks him up and pushes him 
               down the hill. he rolls about 30 feet before he stops. over 
               this, we hear

                                     santiago (v.o.)
                         "...my name is pfc william t. 
                         santiago. i am a marine stationed at 
                         marine barracks, rifle security 
                         company windward, second platoon 
                         delta. i am writing to inform you of 
                         my problems with my unit here in 
                         cuba and to ask for your help. i've 
                         fallen out on runs before for several 
                         reasons such as feeling dizzy or 
                         nauseated, but on may 18th, i'd fallen 
                         back about 20 or 30 yards going down 
                         a rocky, unstable hill. my sergeant 
                         grabbed me and pushed me down the 
                         hill. then i saw all black and the 
                         last thing i remember is hitting the 
                         deck. i was brought to the hospital 
                         where i was told i just had heat 
                         exhaustion and was explained to by 
                         the doctor that my body has trouble 
                         with the hot sun and i hyperventilate. 
                         i ask you to help me. please sir. i 
                         just need to be transferred out of 
                         rsc. sincerely. pfc william t. 
                         santiago. u.s. marine corps."

               at this point, with santiago's letter still in v.o., we

                                                                    cut to:

