26   ext. woods (eastern oregon) - night                           26

     a chilling rain drills down, washing across an old forest
     road. covered with undergrowth and dotted with saplings,
     nothing's been down here in years.

     blue-lipped and shivering, his clothes torn and soaked,
     the postman trudges along. he tries to rub some warmth
     back into his numbed limbs, but a coughing spell wracks
     his body.

                                                   (continued)

                                                               35.

26   continued:                                                      26

     he trudges forward, shoes heavy with freezing mud. he's
     made his escape, but he won't last the night if he doesn't
     find some shelter.

     an unnatural shape ahead, just off the road.    square.   he
     cautiously pulls back a few branches.

     an old, rusted jeep with faded    u.s. government markings.
     its hood buried under the dirt    of an old mud slide. the
     postman stoops to look through    the passenger side window,
     comes face-to-face with death.     a skeleton sits inside,
     the skull grinning against the    glass facing the postman.


     but the postman doesn't jump back. he just stares. the
     two heads meet halfway as the postman's face is reflected
     on the glass, superimposed over the skull.

     a hypothermic shiver wracks his body. the postman tries
     the door, but it won't budge. the other side of the jeep
     is buried. but seeing that the windshield is partly
     smashed, he clears away the debris, peels back the spider-
     webbed safety glass and climbs inside.


     jeep

     pulling the glass back down, he looks almost shyly at the
     skeleton, like two kids about to "park" for the first
     time.

                                 the postman
                  hey.   how ya doin'?

     the back of the jeep is filled with bags marked u.s. mail.
     the postman picks up a hat off the console. oddly
     respectful, he runs a finger along the band over the
     "horse & rider" emblem.

     the postman reaches, touches the embroidered american flag
     patch on the skeleton's jacket shoulder. another shiver.
     a moment later, the postman is pulling the nice dry jacket
     off the skeleton and shoving his own arms inside.

     a sloshing sound. he pats down the jacket. finds a
     liquor. he gives the skeleton a "you shouldn't have"
     look. but the cap won't budge. he twists, pries, bangs
     the neck of the steering wheel. at last it gives. he
     takes a long, hard swallow. the warming fire streams down
     his throat.

     the postman grabs a random letter, reads it aloud.

                                                      (continued)

                                                            36.

26   continued:    (2)                                            26

                                the postman
                  'jerry ball, pine view.'

     he starts to open it, looks at the skeleton and shrugs.

                                 the postman
                  so, arrest me.
                         (reading)
                  here's a piece of good news.
                  jerry's decided to go to school to
                  get his contractor's license.

     tossing it aside, he takes a drink, opens another.   the
     words are in crayon -- a child's scrawl.

                                the postman
                         (smiles to skeleton)
                  little jimmy wants his grandpa to
                  know he lost a tooth.

     the postman turns the envelope over in his palm. a tiny
     tooth falls out. the postman considers it. this suddenly
     isn't so amusing. he puts it back in the envelope.

     shoving mail sacks aside, he climbs in the back.
     burrowing in, he pulls the sacks back, covering himself
     with a blanket of mail. getting warmer already, he
     regards the skeleton a beat as the rain drums on the roof.


