1   ext. desert landscape (utah) - day                            1

    jagged mountains defy a dark, foreboding sky. we hear
    plodding hooves, creaking leather. a lone wanderer
    appears. wearing a long coat and a battered hat, he
    carries a bolt-action carbine. his name forgotten,
    history remembers him simply as the postman.

    his laden pack mule, bill, brays, as they pass a battered
    sign: "the great salt lake marina." they start down a
    slope and begin to cross a...


    dry lake bed

    a bizarre, wind-swept sight. dozens of boats resting lee-
    to on the dry, cracked earth. it's like god pulled the
    plug. rusty mooring chains snake their way around house
    boats, ski boats and a cabin cruiser or two.

                             woman (v.o.)
               the last of the great cities died
               when my father was a child.
               another victim of yet another war.
               the plagues followed. and the
               terrors. the living hid
               themselves away in tiny hamlets in
               hopes of surviving whatever new
               madness conspired to rob them of
               the little that remained. the
               earth itself had fallen prey to
               chaos. for three years a dirty
               snow fell that even summer could
               not erase. the ocean was barren.
               poisoned. near death.

    as the postman continues to cross, the camera pulls back.
    he's soon lost in the massive vista.

                             woman (v.o.)
               sixteen long years passed before
               the great lungs started working
               again. my father said it was as
               if the ocean breathed a great sigh
               of relief...

    a rumble of thunder. rain begins to fall. the earth just
    sucks it up at first, but it's coming hard. rivulets run.
    puddles form. we begin to get the feeling that soon these
    boats will be tugging at the mooring chains once again.

                                                    (continued)

                                                           3.

1   continued:                                                   1

    track a rivulet as it runs, filling up a depression in the
    sand. and then, running to fill another in a series of
    depressions. they make a pattern we recognize as --


    man's footprints

    these tracks may already be days old as they fill with
    rain water. then, the sound of light, padded footfalls.
    a lion enters frame. lean, hungry and dangerous, the big
    cat has been tracking this man. he lets out a low,
    disappointed growl. the rain has foiled his dinner
    plans -- for now.


