64   ext. city gates - day                                          64

     the cavalry ride through roiling smoke into the open town.

     horrified, the postman steps forward, but rifles are on
     him. all he can do is watch. the mayor is the first to
     go down.

                              bethlehem
                law six, justice can be dictated.
                       (to soldiers)
                kill him. and kill the restored
                united states with him.

     bethlehem turns his attention to the battle.   a captain
     steps forward with gun raised.

                              captain
                       (by rote)
                in accordance with law eight and
                by the authority of emergency
                order 46, you are hereby --

     a crack of rifle fire. the captain's forehead explodes
     and he falls to the ground.

     shocked, bethlehem whirls for the source of the gunfire.

     abby!   firing from a position behind a supply wagon.

     but even as bethlehem turns, an arrow sings in and lodges
     in his arm. fired from a pocket of sentries up on the
     palisade. bethlehem bellows in outrage and pain.

     the postman takes advantage of the moment of chaos to grab
     the fallen captain's gun.

     he pulls a holnist rider from his horse and swings into
     the saddle. the unhorsed rider goes for his gun. but
     once more shots ring out and he goes down.

     bethlehem ducks as another bullet zings close.    too close.

                              bethlehem
                get her.

     two soldiers move forward.

     suddenly the postman's horse comes thundering -- trampling
     the holnist nearest him.

     the other holnist hears, looks back, sees the postman
     coming and takes aim just as the postman brings his gun to
     bear.

                                                      (continued)

                                                                 71.

64   continued:                                                         64

     the holnist fires first. we don't see the hit. just
     watch as the postman fires an answering round. the
     holnist goes down.

     the postman reins up alongside the wagon. grunting with
     pain, he reaches down, takes abby's arm and swings her up
     behind him. then digs his heels in for all he's worth.

     more holnists come on the run. they fire. the horse
     snorts in pain. he's hit. but the postman urges him on,
     heading into the woods.

     bethlehem snaps off the arrow shaft and shouts:

                                   bethlehem
                  colonel getty!


