        ext. taco bell - courtyard - night

        a maintenance hatch in the ground rises open.  phoenix
        scrambles out.  exhausted, greasy, dripping with sweat.
        at the far end of the courtyard, he sees ---

        lamb keeping watch on the entrance.  a giant puff of
        smoke has come billowing out.  lamb looks seriously
        concerned.  and at the same time kinda pleased.

                                lamb
                  yeah, the demo man is back.

        lamb bends over to look.  as he does, we see a figure
        approaching from behind.  simon phoenix.

                                phoenix
                  so am i.  rookie.

        phoenix digs out a .22.  shoots him repeatedly in the
        stomach.

                                lamb
                  phoenix... you're still... one
                  ugly sonofabitch.

                                phoenix
                  you shouldn't have said that, now
                  i'm going to have to kill you...
                  ah damn, i forgot, i already did.

        lamb drops to the ground.


        pontiac gto

        tears along, divoting up the pristine 2042 green, the
        car flinging a solar tower in its path to the ground,
        generally leaving trouble in its wake.  spartan sees,
        in the extreme distance, phoenix dashing from lamb's
        crumpled body and the stolen police car pulling away.

                                spartan
                  lamb!

        spartan guns the gto, screams it across, skids to a halt.
        leaps out.  it's too late.  lamb is dead.  there's a half
        a beat with his dead friend.

                                huxley
                  i empathize with your loss.

        spartan looks up and growls.  strides to the gto.  huxley
        jumps in beside.  he floors it.  huxley's head flies back
        against her seat.  the gto thunders out onto a shiny new
        san angeles boulevard.


