        int. cocteau complex - cocteau lobby - night

        the elevator slides open.  danzig, elvin and francis
        spray it with gunfire.  it's empty.  spartan and huxley
        slip in through a side door around the corner.

                                spartan
                  old trick.

                                huxley
                  old criminals.

        he looks at her.  she's a little cocky.  spartan steps
        out into the hall.  sees a giant shadow.

                                spartan
                  elvin!

        elvin steps out.  spartan shoots him through the chest.

                                spartan
                  thought it was you.

        danzig and francis look a touch more concerned.  they
        split up.

        spartan moves cautiously down the hall.  huxley a pace or
        two behind.  high above in an overly futuristic frieze
        looking much the modern gargoyle, is danzig.  grins.
        dives on spartan.

        spartan is slammed to the ground.  we can feel the breath
        knocked out of him.  tussles with danzig as ---

        huxley pulls out her stun baton.  pokes at them, pulls
        back, pokes again -- unable with the twisting, turning
        struggling bodies to be sure she won't get spartan.

        and misses the fact that francis is coming up from
        behind.  he slaps the baton out of her hand.  grabs
        her around the neck, lifts her in the air.  begins to
        strangle her to death.  she kicks and claws at him
        without effect.

        spartan's still busy with danzig.  she starts to choke.
        francis brings her closer to watch her die.  a beat of
        this, and huxley reaches down and yanks the gun out of
        his belt and shoots him repeatedly.

        half a beat later, spartan finishes with danzig.  the
        crrrunnnch of his back breaking.

        huxley's in a state of shock.

                                huxley
                  this man has died at my hands.  i
                  have taken all his future from
                  him...

                                spartan
                  him or you, huxley.

                                huxley
                         (somewhat mollified)
                  there is that.


