        ext. cryo prison - night

        prison is ringed by a high circular fence.  giant stainless
        steel gates in front of the prison, a la the federal
        reserve, are shut tight.  a dozen futuristic squad cars
        strobe the area in red and blue.  the gto rumbles up.
        spartan gets out.  huxley follows suit.

                                garcia
                  he's inside already.  and it's
                  completely sealed.

        spartan takes only the briefest reconnaissance look
        around.  shakes his head sadly ---

                                spartan
                  this is crime against nature...

        leans into the gto.  pushes in the cigarette lighter.
        puts it into neutral.  wedges the accelerator down.  the
        gto bellows.  the cigarette lighter pops out and spartan
        uses it to light the fuses on the explosive devices.
        drops the car into gear.  pulls his head out just in time
        as it roars off.

        the gto smashes into the front gates.  wedges itself in
        from the impact.  half a beat later, a long, low,
        thunderous explosion.  smoke everywhere.  smoke clears...

        it ain't much, but a man can get through now.  spartan
        loads the spent cartridges in the guns from his ammo
        belt.  huxley double-checks her stun baton.

                                huxley
                         (nervous as hell)
                  okay, look, i wasn't at all pleased
                  to cause the fatality of that
                  deranged cryocon, but i understand
                  now that sometimes under
                  particular circumstances that
                  violence is necessary...

                                spartan
                  good.

        takes the stun baton from her and nails her with it mid-
        sternum.

                                spartan
                  then you'll understand this.

        she falls into garcia's arms.

                                spartan
                  hang on to her.  see she doesn't
                  get herself into trouble.

                                garcia
                  you too.

                                spartan
                  yeah.

        spartan turns, starts towards the cryo prison.  as he
        walks --- takes a deep breath.  loosens up his right
        shoulder.  loosens up his left.  checks the gun on his
        right hip.  checks the gun on his left.  they're both
        set to cross draw.  steps through the breach.


