        ext. hollywood and vine - day

        phoenix twists out of the doc's car onto a completely
        unfamiliar hollywood and vine.  the rotating and speaking
        street sign may say so, but nothing else is recognizable.
        brutal-killer is briefly confused-child, as phoenix
        tentatively soaks in his surroundings.  a troubled-looking
        guy in his twenties stands before a compukiosk.  half
        phone booth, money machine, half computer terminal...

                                troubled-looking guy
                  i dunno... lately i just don't
                  feel like there's anything special
                  about me...

                                male computer (v.o.)
                  you are an incredibly sensitive
                  man, who inspires joy-joy feelings
                  in all those around you...

        phoenix savagely pushes the troubled guy away.  the kiosk
        is an open booth with a row of large buttons, a monitor,
        and a keyboard.

        phoenix curiously examines the row of buttons:  ego
        boost, citizen confessional, public psychiatrist, atlas,
        serenity sayings, banking, mail, telephone directory...
        he's gotta know.  pushes the ego boost.  half a beat,
        then --

                                male computer (v.o.)
                         (just hearty as hell)
                  you look great today.

        simon grins.

                                phoenix
                  thanks, feel great, too...

        the future just amuses the hell out of simon.  phoenix
        slams down the information button.  he drops his hands
        onto the keyboard and his fingers fly.  his grin grows
        wider and wider.  his fingers stop and --

                                mail computer (v.o.)
                  you have reached secure mailbox
                  facilities for... simon phoenix.

        information flashes by.  thomas payne's picture,
        rotating, life history scrolling by, maps, routes, over-
        head and underground plans of the city.  phoenix takes it
        all in.  light speed.  no problem.  his fingers fly
        again.  the screens finally end with an image of a pis-
        tol.  rotating, exploded views, metalurgy information.
        phoenix exhales a confused grin.

                                phoenix
                         (dry)
                  wonder if i can play the accordion
                  now too...

                                male computer (v.o.)
                  noun:  gun.  portable firearm.
                  this device was widely utilized
                  in the urban wars of the late
                  20th century.  referred to as a
                  gun, a pistol, a piece...

                                phoenix
                  i don't want a history lesson,
                  hal!  where are the fucking guns?!

        a morality box attached to the kiosk buzzes.

                                morality box (v.o.)
                  you are fined one credit for
                  violation of the verbal morality
                  statute.

        a thin sheaf of paper slides off the front with the
        reprimand.

                                phoenix
                  yeah?  well fuck you twice.

        the box buzzes twice to his left.  two more sheets of
        paper appear.

                                morality box (v.o.)
                  your repeated violation of the
                  verbal morality statute has caused
                  me to notify the san angeles
                  police department.  please remain
                  here for your reprimand.

        phoenix is ready to punch in the screen when two s.a.p.d.
        patrol cars pull to a dramatic halt behind him.

                                phoenix
                  oooh, fuckers are fast, too.

        simon beats the morality box to it.  buzzes at it first.
        grins.  four cops get out.  unsheathing electronic stun
        batons.  they switch on.  blue phosphor glow...


