        ext. some other san angeles street - night

        both gull wing doors slam open.  the gun is bashed from
        spartan's hand.  spartan himself is smashed from one door
        to the other on the roof of the car.  a hundred miles per
        hour and nothing to grab onto.  he starts to slide off.
        completely aerodynamic.

        grabs onto a door.  shoves a shoulder underneath as ---

                                phoenix
                  close doors.

        the right hand door slams shut.  the left hand door
        crushes against spartan.  the mechanism groans.  spartan
        growls back.  spartan and the door strain against each
        other.  the man wins.  wrenches the door clean off.
        jumps in the car.  punches phoenix square in the head.

        phoenix is knocked to his side.  sidekicks spartan dead
        in the groin.  spartan folds.

        phoenix leaps back up, triple-punches spartan in the
        chest.  spartan's hands come free, he falls back, as
        phoenix jumps on him and slams his head repeatedly
        against the hundred mile an hour ground rushing by as
        the car drives itself.

        spartan continues to fight back, smashing phoenix, but
        he's forced to avoid the close calls with cars, street
        signs and the like.  finally, phoenix grabs spartan's
        throat and holds him down in the road where an upcoming
        futuristic fire hydrant is about to tear his head off.

        spartan sees it coming, has no choice.  lets go.  phoenix
        thinks he's rid of him.

        no.  spartan slides free for a moment on the road and
        barely manages to hook a hand on the open door frame.
        shirt three-quarters torn off, blood streaming, he climbs
        onto the back of the car.  brutally punches his hand
        through what remains of the back window.

        phoenix screams in rage as spartan's hand comes at him
        and grabs him by the hair, yanking phoenix's head back.

                                phoenix
                  computer!  disengage auxilliary
                  battery pod now!

        spartan freaks as the back of the car suddenly separates
        from the rest of the car.  it shoots rearward while the
        cab with phoenix drops a third wheel in back and shoots
        off.  spartan, hanging on for dear life, turns to see him
        and the pod are jetting backwards for the front of a
        truly massive freight truck.  four full trailers behind
        a massive cab.  the thing's gotta be eighty feet long.
        it's more of a locomotive than a truck.

        the burly trucker also freaks when he sees he will impact
        with spartan.  at the last moment spartan leaps off the
        pod.

        phoenix sees the truck collide with the pod, blasting it
        to smithereens.  he laughs as he enters a long tunnel.


