        int. museum - main hall - day

        smoke everywhere.

                                phoenix (o.s.)
                  nice shooting, spartan.  you
                  killed the building.

        the smoke clears.  they're in downtown 20th century
        l.a.  they've dropped into the archeological exhibit we
        saw before.  spartan, shaking off the fall, finds himself
        weaponless.  phoenix is spinning madly around, acmag in
        one hand, an ingram from his shoulder bag in the other.
        strafes everywhere with the ingram.  tosses it away.

                                phoenix
                  past is over, spartan.
                         (re the acmag)
                  time for something new and improved.
                  like me... now die.

        phoenix aims the acmag.  completely silent.  then the
        first object that intersects his aim simply explodes.
        whatever it is.  phoenix laughs hysterically.  likes this
        new toy a lot.  fires again.  a working fire hydrant
        blows up off its bolts.

        water is spraying everywhere.  phoenix stands in it six
        inches deep.  spartan yanks out his stun baton, steps
        clear, jams it in the water.

                                spartan
                  you forgot to say simon says.

        spartan activates the stun baton.  phoenix is racked with
        pain.  rattled and shaken by the charge.  involuntary
        shudders.  yanks himself clear with a wild grin.

                                phoenix
                  what a brave new world.  sorry you
                  have to leave.

        he fires.  spartan dives for cover.  just out of reach he
        spots the beretta.  dives for it.  shoots back.  it's
        like a popgun compared to the acmag.  anything but
        survival becomes completely out of the question.  phoenix
        fires round after round.  everything he aims at just
        explodes.  that spartan lives through this at all is
        amazing.


