          ext. suburban street - afternoon
          
          a taxi door opens. shane looks like a bad ass, ready for
          anything. he steps from the taxi onto an adorable troll
          doll on the sidewalk. it squeaks.
          
          shane's p.o.v.: julie's unkempt suburban house, with toys
          all over the lawn, and a "bless this mess" welcome mat.
          
          shane double-checks the address. the sprinklers go off.
          shane darts to the door and rings the bell (it's one of
          those long cheerful doorbells).
          
          we hear tiny feet approach -- then the door swings open,
          shane looks down -- and sees lulu, 8, peering up at him.
          
          shane eyes lulu. lulu eyes shane, then:
          
                                 lulu
                    mom! there's some weird bald guy at the
                    door!
          
          slam. lulu shuts the door in shane's face. shane frowns.
          we hear heavier footsteps approaching.
          
                                  emale voice (o.s.)
                           (before she sees shane:)
                    look, if you're with the hare krishnas,
                    we're not interested...
          
          the door opens revealing julie plummer. julie holds
          naked baby peter, 2. she sees shane, and stops, a little
          startled by his size...
          
                                 shane
                           (salutes:)
                    lieutenant shane wolfe, reporting for
                    duty.
          
                                 julie
                    of course. i'm so sorry.   thank you for
                    coming.
          
          she hugs him. he's not quite sure what to do -- he's a
          rock, he doesn't flinch.
          
                                 julie (cont'd)
                    come in and meet the rest of the gang.
          
