          int. plummer house - kitchen - continuous
          
          inside is worse, a total wreck.   zoe's dancing with
          scott.
          
          shane drags the needle across a record at the d.j.'s
          turntables. everyone recoils from the horrible sound.
          
                                 shane
                    no one leaves until this house is
                    spotless! i want to be able to eat off
                    the floor! the latrine! hell, i wanna
                    be able to eat in the kitchen!!
          
          nervous glances -- then everybody suddenly runs for the
          back! shane is confused, trying to understand...
          
                                                                  53.
          
          
          then he intuitively dashes past them! he's scoping the
          surroundings... windows... vents... ah! the doggy door!
          
          scott is halfway through the doggy door when shane grabs
          his ankles and yanks him back in. shane holds scott
          upsidedown by his ankles.
          
                                 shane (cont'd)
                    oh no you don't. now, we're gonna do this
                    my way -- no highway option.
          
          just then: a mustard soaked baloney slice drops from the
          ceiling, sticking to the top of shane's head. plop.
          shane's eyes narrow, he takes it off, trying to maintain
          his dignity. he fumes...
          
                                 shane (cont'd)
                     start swabbing, ladies.
          
          he hands scott the mop. scott gulps - and starts mopping.
          
                                                       dissolve to:
          
          cleaning the house.
          
          miserable teens scrub. in a bathroom, scott and zoe, in
          playtex gloves, furiously clean. scott scrubs the toilet
          with pinesol as the duck swims in the top of the toilet.
          
                                 scott
                    this is officially the worst party ever.
          
                                 zoe
                    it was your idea! i don't even know most
                    of these losers.
          
