          int. playroom - continuous
          
          there are toys everywhere -- like a tornado hit a toys-r-
          us. shane fends the ninjas off. he spots a baseball bat,
          and grabs it, facing them, fiercely. they step back...
          
                                 shane
                    okay -- who wants some?
          
          shane swings the bat down on a ninja's head: it's a
          whiffle bat, it makes a silly thunk. shane and the ninja
          share a surprised look -- then the ninjas charge. shane
          fends them off with his whiffle bat. with his foot, he
          picks up a fisher price corn-popper, and uses them both
          to fend off blows. it rattles and pops as he fights with
          both toys -- until a ninja breaks them with one blow.
          shane sees a farmer john talking game. he jumps up onto a
          shelf and grabs it. he pulls the string, and swings the
          plastic disk like a deadly bolo.
          
                                 farmer john game
                    the rooster goes...
          
          whack, he hits a ninja in the head. he swings the farmer
          john like a bull whip -- until a ninja knocks the shelf
          over. shane crashes down, toys fly, several furbies hit
          the floor. they echo the fight:
          
                                 furbies
                    ow! ow!
          
          shane sees: the ninjas are wearing only ninja socks -- no
          shoes. he grabs a barrel of legos, and flings them all
          over the floor. the ninjas move towards him -- the legos
          and jacks dig into their feet.
          
                                 ninja/furbies
                    ow! ow ow! crap!
          
          the ninjas fight as they hobble around, avoiding legos,
          shane runs to the changing table, then violently squeezes
          desitin at a ninja, blinding him.
          
          shane hangs in the doorway and swings at them, kicking a
          ninja in the chest. the ninja crashes through the window!
          
           he other ninja looks up, fearful. suddenly he grabs a
          bottle of baby powder. he sprays it in shane's face...
          poof! the room fills with a cloud of white.
          
          angle - shane
          
                                                                   57.
          
          
          
          he squints, blinded. the cloud dissipates... and shane
          sees he's now alone. he runs to the broken window.
          
          outside:
          
          the ninja's are long gone. shane bangs the window sill,
          disappointed to have lost them.
          
