118	int. tented greenhouse lab - night

	bunsen burners flicker.  beakers bubble.
	martha stewart does fankenstein.

	pamela isley, lovely features hidden by a glasses and bad
	hair, shape obscured by her lab coat, talks into a
	cylindrical micro-recorder.

				pamela
		i still have high hopes for the
		animal plant cross-breedings

	pam surveys the two lab tables.  one table is a mass of plants.
	the other is covered with tanks of spiders, snakes and
	scorpions.  tubes run from the lethal beasts into a jar of
	milky fluid labeled venom.
	more tubes run from the venom jar into the plants.  
	one plant twitches as it receives the toxins.

				pamela
		if i can only find the correct dose
		of venom, these plants will be able
		to fight back like animals.  
		i will have given flora a chance against
		the thoughtless ravages of man.

	(over) an agonized scream. terrified, pam walks towards
	the source of the wails, a gothic prison door to which the
	tent is affixed.  the portal is marked:  project gilgamesh.

				pamela
		personal note:  my work would proceed
		faster if dr. woodrue weren't always
		whisking my venom samples back to
		his mysterious gilgamesh wing.  why
		won't he let me into his lab?

	(over)  another blood-curdling scream.  pam turns off the
	recorder.

				pam
		what is he doing in there?

119	just then the door opens, a startled pam dropping her
	recorder as lightning flashes and doctor jason woodrue
	enters.  einstein's hair.  manson's eyes.

				woodrue
		dr. isley, loveliest flower in our
		garden.  how fare our little wards?

	woodrue moves in, too close, backing pam against her
	worktable, his face inches from hers.  he spots the jar of
	venom.

				woodrue
		what do we have here?  a lovely new
		supply of venom.
			(lifts the jar)
		i'll just take this to my laboratory
		for further study.

				pamela
		what exactly are you working on in
		there?  what are those screams?

	a bright flash of lightning.  woodrue advances on pam.

				woodrue
		how i'd love to share my secrets with
		you.  but i ask you, sweet sapling,
		can you be trusted?  you refuse my
		invitations to dine.  you hide your
		honeyed buds behind these sallow robes.

	(over) more lightning and ever more deafening thunder.

				woodrue
		ah, but there's romance in the air
		tonight.  perhaps a moonlit stroll in
		the jungle.  and then, later, in the
		dark, we can share everything.

	woodrue has her up against the wall, his twitching lips
	only inches from hers.  pam winces, manages to step away.
	(over) another scream.

				pamela
		you have to tell me what you're
		doing with my venom.

				woodrue
				(nasty)
		you must show me your secrets,
		blossom, before i show you mine.

120	pam watches him leave.  as the door to the gilgamesh wing
	swings closed, pam kicks her fallen recorder, the metal
	cylinder rolling between door and jamb, keeping the
	entrance from sealing.

