               ext. chlodna street - day

               a stream of cars and trams. jewish policemen and german 
               soldiers much in evidence.

               szpilman and henryk join a large crowd of jews waiting at 
               a barrier to cross the intersection. the crowd is agitated, 
               impatient for a policeman to stop the traffic and let them 
               through.

               a man next to szpilman and henryk is becoming more and 
               more distraught, shifting his weight from foot to foot, 
               taking off and putting on his hat.

                                     the nervous man
                         this is totally insane; why do we 
                         have to have a gentile street 
                         running through our area? can't 
                         they go around?

                                     henryk
                         don't worry about it, they're about 
                         to build a bridge, haven't you 
                         heard?

                                     the nervous man
                         a bridge, a schmidge, and the 
                         germans claim to be intelligent. 
                         you know what i think?  i think 
                         they're totally stupid. i've got a 
                         family to feed and i spend half my 
                         time here waiting for them to let 
                         us through.

               meanwhile, a street band begins to play a waltz. jewish 
               policemen and german soldiers are clearing a space, shoving 
               jews out of the way, including szpilman, henryk and the 
               nervous man. other soldiers are clearing a space. 

               two german soldiers pull out of the crowd a tall woman and 
               a short man and haul them into the cleared space.

                                     the german soldier
                         dance!

               the couple dance to the street band's waltz. 

               at intervals, german soldiers select even more unlikely 
               couples: a fat woman with a painfully thin man, a young 
               boy with an elderly woman, two men, and two cripples. 

               the german soldiers are, to various degrees, amused. one 
               of them is almost hysterical with laughter.

                                     soldiers
                         faster! go on, faster! dance!

               the couples dance as fast as they can. a soldier kicks one 
               of the cripples who can't go on any more.

                                     soldiers
                         dance! dance!

               then a whistle blows, a policeman stops the traffic, the 
               barrier swings open and people swarm across in both 
               directions.

