               int./ext. 2nd apartment and street - night

               a large room, sparsely furnished but with an upright piano 
               and a bed.

               michal carries a bag of provisions and puts them on a table 
               while szpilman goes immediately to the window and looks 
               out.

               szpilman's pov: 

               there are views of the city, but in the street below, 
               opposite, is a hospital and, on the corner, a building 
               flying a nazi flag and guarded by a sentry, standing at 
               his sentry-box.  

               michal comes up behind szpilman.

                                     michal
                              (in whisper)
                         you're in a very german area. the 
                         building opposite is a hospital, 
                         taking in wounded from the russian 
                         front. next door is the 
                         schutzpolizei. it's the safest 
                         place to be. right in the centre 
                         of the lion's den.

               the apartment:

               michal makes for the door.

                                     michal
                         i'll be locking you in. no one 
                         knows you're here. so keep as quiet 
                         as possible.

               he nods and goes. the sound of the padlock closing. szpilman 
               takes in the room. he sees the piano, is still for a moment, 
               then goes to it. 

               he sits on the piano stool and adjusts its height. he opens 
               the lid. a cloth covers the keys. he removes the cloth. he 
               gazes lovingly at the keyboard. he flexes his fingers.

               then, without touching the keys, his fingers floating just 
               above them, he plays. silently. passionately.

