               ext. alley and labour bureau, later - mid-afternoon

               szpilman, keeping to the shadows of the alleyway, watches 
               the front of the building. comings and goings. german 
               soldiers in evidence. the mob is smaller now.

               szpilman waits and watches, and then a poor woman passes, 
               carrying a can wrapped in newspaper followed by a ragged 
               old man, dragging himself along. he's shivering with cold, 
               his shoes with holes show his purple feet.

               the ragged old man suddenly lunges forward and tries to 
               grab the can from the poor woman. they struggle desperately.

                                     poor woman
                              (screaming)
                         a snatcher! help me, a snatcher!

               the can falls to the pavement and thick, steaming soup 
               pours into the dirty street. 

               szpilman watches, rooted to the spot. the ragged old man 
               stares at the can, lets out a groan, more like a whimper, 
               and throws himself full length in the slush, licking the 
               soup up from the pavement. the poor woman starts to howl, 
               kicking the old man and tearing at her hair in despair. 

               then:

                                     rubinstein's voice
                         boys, keep your peckers up! and 
                         girls, keep your legs crossed!

               rubinstein, a ragged, dishevelled little man, chaplinesque, 
               waving a stick, hopping and jumping, approaches the germans 
               outside the bureau.

                                     rubinstein
                         don't let 'em get you down -

               he approaches a couple of shupos.

                                     rubinstein
                         bandits! crooks!  thieves!

               he waves his stick at them. they laugh. one of them bows 
               low.

                                     1st shupo
                         good day, herr rubinstein.

                                     rubinstein
                         if that means good day, i'm your 
                         man, you gangsters, robbers, 
                         pirates!

                                     2nd shupo
                              (tapping his head)
                         mad!

                                     rubinstein
                         ich bin meshuge, you bandit!

               almost in tears with laughter, they give him a cigarette 
               and he goes on his way. 

               szpilman almost smiles, then looks again at the building. 
               he waits.

