               ext./int. building opposite and ghetto apartment - night

               a gestapo vehicle has entered the street and screeched to 
               a halt.  helmeted, jackbooted ss men, led by an nco, pour 
               out of the vehicle. 

               the szpilmans gather at their open window to watch. regina 
               turns off the lights before joining them. they are all 
               terrified. their half-eaten meal still on the table behind 
               them.

               pov - from szpilman apartment: the building opposite. 

               the ss men pouring into the building opposite. sound of 
               the jackboots on stairs. lights go on floor by floor. 

               in an apartment directly opposite, a businessman, his wife, 
               three young people and an old man in a wheelchair sit at 
               their dining table. the ss men burst in, machine pistols 
               at the ready. the family is frozen with horror, remain 
               seated.

               the nco scans their faces.

                                     nco
                              (in a towering rage)
                         stand up!

               the family rise to their feet fast, except for the old man 
               in the wheelchair. the nco bears down on him.

                                     nco
                         stand up!

               the old man in the wheelchair grips the arms of the chair 
               and tries desperately to stand. but he can't. without 
               warning, the ss men seize the chair with the old man in 
               it, carry him out on to the balcony. 

               the szpilmans:

               mother screams, father shrinks back, halina comforts him 
               and regina comforts mother. 

               szpilman's and henryk 's pov - the apartment opposite: 

               the ss men throw the old man in his wheelchair over the 
               balcony. he seems to hang in the air for a second then 
               drops out of the chair and out of sight. but there's a 
               terrible thud as his body hits the pavement and a clatter 
               as the wheelchair follows him. 

               the szpilmans:

               mother sobbing. the others, still horrified.

                                     regina
                              (softly, to mother)
                         be quiet, mama, for god's sake, be 
                         quiet!

               then sound of shots, slamming doors, screams, shouts.

               szpilman and henryk hurry to another window so that they 
               can see what's going on.

               their pov from second window building opposite and street:

               ss men herding a couple of dozen prisoners from the building 
               opposite.

               people watching from the windows but trying not to be seen.

               the headlights of the ss vehicle are switched on and the 
               ss men are forcing their prisoners to stand in the beam.

                                     a german voice
                         run!  run!

               the prisoners start to run.

               the ss men open fire with a machine gun mounted on the 
               vehicle. people in the building opposite begin to scream.

               the prisoners are being shot down. they are lifted into 
               the air by the bullets, turn somersaults, fall dead.

               one man escapes by running back in the opposite direction, 
               out of the beam of light and is lost to sight for a moment.

               the escaping man, a silhouette, out of the light, runs 
               with all his strength, putting distance between himself 
               and the ss. he starts to scale a wall. he looks as though 
               he's getting away.

               but there's a floodlight on the ss vehicle. it flares into 
               light, swivels and finds the man. a volley of shots.

               the man drops from the wall, dead. the ss men get into the 
               vehicle and speed off, driving over the dead bodies. 

               the szpilmans: 

               szpilman and henryk stare at the scene, silent, shocked. 
               the only sounds, the weeping of the people opposite and, 
               nearer, mother crying softly.

