               ext. street near wall - dusk

               the wall runs the length of the street, dividing it in 
               half and narrowing it. buildings on one side, the wall on 
               the other.

               szpilman walks along. a piercing whistle from the aryan 
               side.  szpilman stops. 

               two women appear from a doorway, approach the wall and 
               look up.  two or three packages come flying over from the 
               aryan side. the women grab them and disappear. 

               szpilman walks on and sees a child appear through a hole 
               at ground level. the child wriggles through then turns, 
               pulls a package after him and runs. 

               szpilman walks on, hears a noise, looks back to see a second 
               child trying to wriggle through the same hole. but he's 
               stuck. angry german voices from the aryan side. 

                                     2nd child
                         help me! help me!

               szpilman goes to him, pulls him with all his might but the 
               boy is jammed in the hole.

               from the other side of the wall, the sound of an angry 
               german voice and of a boot stamping violently on the boy. 
               the boy screams in agony.

               szpilman continues to try to pull the boy through. 

               the sound of the german voice swearing and the dull, 
               crunching noise made by the boot smashing into the boy 
               continues, and with every thud the boy screams in terrible 
               pain.

               szpilman struggles to help the boy whose screams are 
               becoming weaker yet increasingly desperate.

               szpilman pulls his arms and finally manages to get him 
               through. the boy lies moaning.

               szpilman takes the boy's face in his hands, tries to comfort 
               him, revive him, but the boy has stopped moaning. his head 
               lolls and his jaw sags. he is dead. szpilman stands quickly 
               and hurries away.

