               int. wild moose. night

               terry has sunk everything but the eight ball. he leans over 
               to sink it. it's a fairly easy shot. he lines it up carefully, 
               and deliberately shoots it so it stops two inches from the 
               corner pocket.

                                     terry
                         ohhhh!

               a few moments later: terry and rudy sit side by side watching 
               as the 2nd pool player passes back and forth between them 
               and the camera, running the table. "oohs" and "all rights" 
               emit from the spectators.

               sudden silence. then the clack of the balls connecting. a 
               great common groan goes up. rudy looks up at terry.

                                     terry
                         it's all yours, baby.

               rudy looks at the table: the eight-ball is two inches off 
               the corner. the cue ball is a few inches away from it. a 
               piece of cake, for an adult. rudy looks deeply unconfident.

               he gets up and tries to line up the eight-ball. terry is 
               right next to him.

                                     terry
                         just make sure to hit it really 
                         gentle. but firm. and hit it a little 
                         low so you get some backspin. don't 
                         even hit it. just kiss it.

               a long moment.

                                     rudy
                         what do you mean, kiss it?

                                     terry
                         i mean tap it. firm but very, very 
                         softly. and don't shoot until you 
                         know it's going in. ok?

                                     rudy
                         ok.

               everyone is relatively quiet. rudy takes a few practice 
               strokes and then hits the cue ball, straight, but too softly. 
               it crawls toward the eight and taps it toward the corner, 
               slower and slower, hangs there, and drops.

               a general "heyyy!" goes up and everyone claps and cheers. 
               terry grabs rudy. rudy smiles, ecstatic.

                                     terry
                         that was great!

               at the bar: darryl the sheriff, in his civvies, drinking a 
               pint of beer, notices rudy and terry.

               at the pool table: terry picks rudy up and turns him upside 
               down. rudy laughs.

