               int. bank -- hallway. a moment later

               tracking sammy, coat off, carrying a stack of folders, as 
               she walks from her desk, around the corner, down the hall, 
               past a couple of employees and to brian's open door. she 
               taps on it. brian is at his desk.

                                     sammy
                         morning.

                                     brian
                         yeah, good morning. could you get 
                         the door?

               outside the office: sammy shuts the door. mabel and doris, 
               standing near the door, look at each other: i.e., sammy's in 
               trouble again.

               inside the office: sammy stands by the closed door. brian 
               comes out around his desk.

                                     sammy
                         listen -- i just --

               brian kisses her. she drops her folders and they make out 
               against the door.

               outside the office: the employees click away at their pcs. 
               mabel exchanges a quiet word with chuck.

               inside the office: brian has sammy pressed against the wall 
               with her skirt hiked up and is trying to get both of their 
               underwear out of the way. it's not so easy in their office 
               clothes. sammy tears away.

                                     sammy
                         brian, that's enough.

               brian falls back, breathless.

                                     brian
                         ok. sorry.

               he lunges at her again. they kiss some more.

               outside the office. a moment later: sammy comes out of the 
               office, more or less composed, carrying her folders. she 
               heads down the hall past the other employees, including mabel, 
               and surreptitiously readjusts her scrunched-up underwear.

