               int. the wild moose. night

               pov rudy: a lot of men and women at the bar or in booths, 
               eating and drinking. smoky, crowded and very loud. as he 
               follows terry through the crowd various patrons notice him -- 
               some of the looks are friendly, some blank, some cold, i.e., 
               what's a kid doing in here?

               at the pool table: terry and rudy stand side by side facing 
               the players and waiting players gathered around the table. 
               terry waves a few bills.

                                     terry
                         i got a hundred bucks here says me 
                         and my nephew can beat anybody in 
                         here. only we gotta get the next 
                         game 'cause he's gotta be in bed by 
                         ten o'clock.

               a moment later: rudy, very nervous, and the 1st pool player 
               are side by side shooting for break. terry is behind rudy 
               coaching him.

                                     terry
                         just hit it nice and soft... nice 
                         and soft.

               they hit the balls. rudy just clips his ball and it doesn't 
               go anywhere. 1st pool player's ball hits the opposite bank 
               and comes almost all the way back.

                                     rudy
                              (to terry)
                         sorry.

                                     terry
                         god damn, rudy. i thought you said 
                         you could play.

               rudy doesn't answer. terry winks at him.

               a moment later: 1st pool player breaks -- whack! -- the balls 
               scatter. nothing drops. terry steps up to the table, chalking 
               up his cue.

                                     terry
                         boys, it's all over but the cryin'.

               quick cuts: of terry running the table and everyone watching. 
               three-ball in the side. one-ball in the corner. nine-ball 
               off three cushions and into the corner, and the eleven-ball 
               into the side. rudy watches him.

