36   int. olive garden type restaurant - night                 36

     standing in a nicely decorated middle class restaurant,
     cristina, totally bilingual, speaks to the american hostess
     with a pronounced and charming accent as her mother, standing
     beside her, bounces with energy and joy.

                         cristina

               could we have a table for two,
               please?
     flor says something to her in spanish..the daughter waves it
     off and when the mother persists, she translates.

                         cristina (cont'd)

               we're celebrating.

                         hostess

               smoking or non-smoking?
     before her daughter can translate.

                           flor

               dancing!
     the hostess laughs..they are seated at the two ends of a
     banquette and each automatically picks up her place setting
     and "scootches" closely together. cristina picks up a menu
     and points to the prices.

                         cristina

               wow, expensive..




                                                             22.







     flor scoffs -- says she's making six hundred dollars a
     week..then looks at the prices and does a take. the hostess
     returns --- cristina points to the menu.

                         cristina (cont'd)

               this is just for the starter?
     flor, encouraging her daughter's spirit of adventure, places
     her hand over the prices in the menu.

                         hostess

               uh-huh..and those men would like to
               buy you a drink.
     the daughter translates...the hostess points out the early
     30's, well dressed, quite nice looking businessmen. flor
     addresses the men who are several tables away. cristina
     moves uncomfortably but responds to her mother's nudge to
     translate.

                         cristina

                   (to men)
               this is very embarrassing but--
               "what's wrong with you? i'm with
               my daughter for god's sake!"
     then hostess, flor and finally cristina laugh. cristina
     relishes getting back to ordering from the menu...in a moment
     that is a bit noteworthy..

                         cristina (cont'd)

               and i would like to begin with the
               jumbo shrimp.

