47   ext. clasky house - driveway - day                           47

     the biggest, baddest, blackest suv..there is some subtle
     custom work so the vehicle impacts us in ways we cannot quite
     fathom. deborah is wiping away a tear as she gets in and
     shares a woman to woman moment with flor.

                         deborah

               fuckin' hombres, huh?
     she sniffles. flor nods uncertainly. a small voice from the
     back seat..georgie..

                         georgie

               i just didn't want to sing last
               night.

                          deborah's voice

                   (hurt)
               yeah. well you said you would..you
               said you wanted to. i asked you
               five times. then when i have the
               whole party paying attention you
               refused.
     as she puts the car in gear...georgie sings insanely well.
     but he's just two lines into an old blues standard:

                         deborah

               it doesn't do any good now,
               georgie.
     she presses a button on her dash and a glass partition comes
     up between front and back seat thereby cutting him off in mid-
     song. flor is utterly baffled by the notion of putting a
     divider between parent and child. but deborah is calling for
     her to pay attention to the car's navigation screen.. a
     spanish voice says, "route guidance system starting."




                                                             31.








                         deborah (cont'd)

               i've programmed it for spanish..
               look, it will take you anywhere and
               then back home. if you figured out
               how to make coffee on that thing
               it's all downhill.
     the male spanish voice talks about imminent left turns. flor
     is thrown by the amount of oddness..all the while georgie is
     singing his little heart out in the back seat. flor,amused by
     the boy, suppresses a smile...maybe the first time in her
     life she's had to suppress joy. but deborah never misses
     anything.

                         deborah (to flor) (cont'd)

               this is stop gap..you, kiddo,
               you're going to have to learn
               english.

