29   int. / ext. house - great kitchen / pool - day               29

     they enter..lots of glass french doors stand open to lawn,
     pool and pool house. they look off.




                                                           11.








their pov.

deborah norwich clasky, a cool beauty in her mid 30's, sits
dominating this three generation portrait of the good life.
she is wearing a straw hat and killer hawaiian shirt..she is
a perfect dresser; meaning her clothes seem to say she
doesn't care, while every article is a true and gifted find.
she is drinking from a tumbler which is also of the "don't
hold your breath while you try to find something as terrific"
variety. she is flanked by her mother, evelyn, 60, who is
drinking from a stemmed glass with two olives and her 14 year
old overweight daughter, bernice..who is reading, her
grandmother idly holding her hand..in the immediate area more
rolls of sod wait to be laid.

the two latinas.

as they stand inside the kitchen not sure what to do next.
then deborah gestures that they should join her at the
pool..as they start out..

their exit.

boink..three stooges retro..those french doors were not open
after all. monica hits first. the women at the pool react.
deborah and bernice running. evelyn momentarily attempts to
join the rush.. she half rises and then thinks better of
it..too late in the day for sudden movements.

kitchen doorway.


                       bernice

             gee whiz in heaven...how are you?
             please?

                       deborah

                 (a bit hyper)
             don't worry..i'm not mad...i was
             looking for decoration to put on
             the glass so people would stop
             walking into it and instead of
             taking what they had in stock,
             which was awful, i special ordered.
             i'll design something myself which
             i should have done in the fi...
our heroine, seeing the blood flow from her aunt's nose,
gestures that monica needs help not conversation.

                       deborah (cont'd)

             ..and what difference does that
             make when your nose is bleeding.
             shut up, deborah.

                       bernice

             now you got it, mom.




                                                             12.







     deborah grabs at paper towels, gets an ice pack from the
     freezer and then grabs some cash from a bowl in the
     kitchen..she has, moment to moment, the enormous desire to
     feel loved that only the seriously hard to love can
     experience.

                         deborah

               here, take these.
                   (second thought)
               was that strange to give you
               money..i just felt badly that..

                            monica

               it's okay.
     she pockets the cash.

