        ext. fortress - main yard - night (aftermath)

        the dust begins to settle.  flaming wreckage and embers
        are still dropping from five hundred feet up.  a beat.  a
        beam shifts in the wreckage.  it's a big beam.  it moves
        aside.  spartan emerges dragging his prisoner out behind
        him.  as he's being dragged along, phoenix comes to.
        spartan hands him off to another officer to be booked.
        captain steve healy, spartan's long-suffering captain and
        friend, comes out of the crowd of officers.

                                healy
                  what's the matter with you?
                  that's why nobody ever invites
                  you over.

                                spartan
                  i hate small talk.  you sent me to
                  do a job, i did it.  it wasn't even
                  me who blew everything up this time.

                                healy
                  yeah.  sure.

        healy continues to shake his head in consternation.  no
        way he believes that... spartan ignores him.  wipes the
        soot from his face.  shakes his head in disgust, walks
        away...

        the tactical fire response vehicles have arrived.  fully-
        armored firemen wearing bulletproof gear fight the blaze.
        spartan continues to stride away.  and then everything
        fucks up.  one of the tfr officers in the wreckage calls
        out --

                                tfr officer
                  captain.  captain!
                         (shocked)
                  there's a lot of bodies in here.

        spartan stops dead.  he looks sick.  healy's not
        thrilled, but he knows what's required of him --

                                healy
                         (to spartan)
                  you have the right to remain
                  silent.

                                                   smash cut to:


