        int. cryo prison - main room - night

        spartan prowls through the now depleted multilifer wing.
        empty pods everywhere.

        the displays all read:  cryo prisoner exited.  yeeesh.
        there's a lot of them that way.  a whir, followed by
        trotting footsteps.

        spartan whirls.  a crane whirring by and associate bob
        trotting behind.  spartan follows.  creeps slowly
        around the corner.  guns up... comes around a turn to
        spot phoenix locking the arm into a puck.  takes aim.
        phoenix sees him at the same time.  yanks a control on
        the crane.  the puck pivots up as spartan fires.

        the 40mm bullet lodges half in, half out of the puck in
        front of phoenix's grinning face.

                                phoenix
                  don't you understand the meaning
                  of give up?  you're too late,
                  john.  i've got three more batches
                  in the oven.

        spartan fires again.  the puck barely vibrates.  absorbs
        another round beside the unharmed cryocon.

        phoenix unleashes an entire magazine from an hk91 slung
        over his back.  spartan fires once, dives for cover.
        although unhit, he gets seriously frosted from a pipe
        blow open next to him.  forced to roll through the line
        of fire to avoid permanent freezer burn.  there are
        pipes burst everywhere.

        phoenix turns to find bob slinking away.

                                phoenix
                  where the fuck you going?

                                associate bob
                  i wish you good luck, sir.  this
                  is an activity that requires
                  testicles.

                                phoenix
                         (considers)
                  true 'nuf.

        ice is beginning to form on the surface of everything
        nearby.

                                phoenix
                  take those stairs, i'll cover
                  you.

        bob nods gratefully.  does.  phoenix shakes his head at
        bob's gullibility.

                                phoenix
                         (sotto; to himself)
                  no brains either.

        spartan hears footsteps coming.  whirls.  fires.  blows
        bob away.  a momentary distraction, but it's enough.
        phoenix is gone.

        spartan turns slowly.  guns out in each direction.
        searching.  a sound.  fires.  no simon.  more pipes
        burst.  it's ten or twenty degrees below zero in there
        already.  everything is coated with supercooled ice.
        footing becomes treacherous.

        phoenix crawls through a jungle of pipe.  gets a bead on
        spartan's lower body.  starts to strafe the area.  dh uh.
        everything has become so slick, the recoil drives him back
        across the ice into the open.  spartan sees him, fires.
        the recoil slams him back against a wall.  he fires again
        with something firm to lean on, but the recoil from
        phoenix's sputtering weapon drives him right over the
        edge.  he drops off into the center out of spartan's
        sight.  slipping and sliding, spartan slithers down the
        stairs to --


        main level

        a familiar whirring.  turns.  half a beat later he is
        bodyslammed and smashed and grabbed by a six-armed crane.
        his guns go flying, off into god knows where...

        spartan is hoisted high in air, smashed again and again
        against a pillar.  phoenix slams him through a web of
        pipes.  holds him in the freezing blast.  ice forms all
        over spartan.  he struggles.  it cracks off, reforms.
        struggles again.  it cracks off.  reforms.  struggles
        again.  he's weakening.

        reaches up.  grabs the pipe, wrests it over, directs
        the blast at phoenix.  holds it steady.  phoenix is
        frozen in place.  coats in ice.  we can see the madness
        in his eyes.  everything else is still.  he roars,
        breaks free.  retreats from the blast.  disappears as --

        spartan wrenches the pipe over to the claw arm.  holds
        it directly over one joint.  then clobbers it with
        the pipe.  it shatters.  he drops.

        lights are beginning to explode from the cold.  it's
        dropped 30 degrees below zero in there by now.  spartan
        spots phoenix on the far side of the room.  hundred feet
        away.

        half a moment to catch his breath in the freezing
        cold, leans on exposed cryopuck.  it slides effortlessly.
        spartan hurls it across the floor at phoenix.  a five
        hundred pound hockey puck.  phoenix barely avoids the
        crushing blow.  it rebounds back off the steel...

        no point fighting the elements.  spartan hurls himself
        across the floor.  spins slowly twice along the way.
        it's like zero grav in two dimensions.  no friction
        coefficient at all.

        three quarters of a second across the floor.  right
        hook into phoenix's surprised face.

        phoenix goes flying a hundred feet back into the far
        side.  crashes and falls.

        the cryo prison creaks and screams in protest from the
        cold.  lighting, grids, struts shatter, fall about them.
        they hurl themselves together again.  spartan lands a
        horrific blow.  all but drives phoenix's nose and eye
        sockets through the back of his head.  spartan's
        forearm is terribly cut.

        the blood freezes solid as it sprays, sealing the wound,
        and leaving a giant six foot red feather spray.  spartan
        brushes it away, breaks off, bleeds, freezes again
        instantly.

        they fly apart again.  spartan comes to a stop near a
        tool cart.  pokes at the tools.  one is an mtl cutting
        laser.  he has no idea what it is.  nothing there he
        recognizes.  picks up a four foot wrench.  that, he
        recognizes.  he looks like a caveman.  a very angry
        caveman.

        the building complains loudly.  falling apart around
        them.  more and more pipes explode, burst, it gets colder
        and colder.  50 degrees below by now.

        phoenix, on the far side, also scrambles for a weapon.
        he sees an mtl as well, but he knows what it is.

        fires it up.  focused three inch cutting beam comes
        out.  rips off the top cover, pulls out five optical
        elements, pulls out the choke tube, rips the whole
        front off the mtl.  doesn't look very sleek now.

        fires it.

        a thirty foot long spray of white white magnesium-
        thermite flame comes flying out.

        one swipe, he clears the ice from a path he can walk
        towards spartan on.

        metal bars melt away as the thermite flare crosses
        through them.

        on the top level of the cryo prison, the first batch
        of raving psychopath defrosted cryocons wanders in
        to watch john spartan die.

        this is the most depraved, frightening-looking group of
        individuals you've ever seen in your life.

                                angry cryocon
                  spartan!!!

                                many angry cryocons
                  kill him!!  kill him!!!!!

        spartan looks up at them.  like he needs this shit...

        simon continues to melt himself a path across the floor
        towards spartan.

        the heat from the mtl is furious.  the difference between
        the 2000 degrees plus and 80 degrees below is more than
        any metal can handle.  fissures appear in giant lightning
        strike cracks in all directions where the mtl hits.

        every bit of ice in the building melts.  water boiling
        away instantaneously in the path of the mtl.
        spartan has nowhere to run.  and nothing but a big
        fucking club.  to his left he suddenly sees an empty
        chamber.  except this one was never filled.  the display
        reads:  ready for cryo.

        there's a tiny white chip in the vial inside the vacuum
        bell.  spartan looks at it.  it's like a very bad memory
        coming back.  but he knows what it is and knows what it
        does.  smashes the vacuum bell with the wrench.

        simon grows closer.

        spartan bashes the robot arm out of the way.  picks
        up the vial.  looks around desperately.  no point using
        it if it's going to kill him too.  grabs the grid of
        the floor above him.  heaves himself up.

        simon lifts the mtl towards him.  it almost reaches
        up to the landing above.  spartan hurls the vial at
        simon's feet.

        it shatters.  nothing happens.  the heat from the mtl
        has boiled off all the water in a ten foot circle nearby.

        the mtl flame comes closer.  in a moment spartan will
        get cooked.  instead of running away, he moves closer.
        stands up on the railing of the second landing.  and
        just as his clothes begin to catch fire from the heat,
        leaps --

        over the oncoming thermal flame as it arcs up towards
        him.  and over and past phoenix.

        spartan lands behind him, coming around with an elbow
        into phoenix's kidney, causing phoenix to drop the mtl.

        outside their circle of heat, the tiny chip hits the
        water.  melts.  and again, like the opposite of watching
        ice shatter, the water everywhere goes steel solid,
        stuttering out in all directions.

        phoenix still has a free hand.  smashes a nerve center
        on the side of spartan's neck.  spartan twitches visibly
        from it.  grunts.

        spartan punches him right, left, right in the sternum.
        phoenix coughs blood, spits it away.

        steps back to launch a mighty blow at spartan and --

        his heel just steps into a puddle of water.  the tiniest
        rivulet drifts over, connects it to the main ice solid
        locked water.

        simon feels his foot stuck.  and as he looks down in
        consternation, realizes in shock what's happened and
        then looks up, spartan hits him straight from the
        shoulder with everything he has left, dead in the face,
        as phoenix solidifies.

        phoenix's head snaps clean off.

        hits, like a ball bearing on polished steel.  bounces
        with a clang.  rolls off.  clang, clang, clang, clang,
        clang.

        spartan reaches desperately for the still spewing mtl
        as the rivulets close in towards him.

        grabs onto it just in time.  spins, melts off a
        protective circle around him.
        looks up at the peanut gallery of cryocons.

                                spartan
                  all right, who's next???

        nobody moves.  nobody can move.  every last one is
        dead.  frozen in place.

        the building continues to collapse around spartan.  more
        lights blow out.  a giant beam comes crashing down.

                                spartan
                         (a massive
                          understatement)
                  i think it's time to go.

        carefully melting a path to the door, spartan comes
        through --


