        int. cryo prison - main room - day

        the cryopenitentiary is a godel-esque nightmare of
        architecturally-perverse layers and levels, the
        guggenheim mixed with industrial meat locker.  all still
        half under construction.

        spartan is led along the middle ring to where a doctor,
        two white-coated technicians and a young-looking warden
        smithers are waiting.

        above him prisoners are encased into the ground in
        massive glass hockey pucks, contracted into pained fetal
        positions.  their faces are hauntingly twisted into
        gargoyle expressions of tortured struggle.

        the group arrives at an empty chamber.  the technicians
        nod to spartan.  he drops off the white overalls.  steps
        free.  stands naked.  doctor injects him with luminescent
        blue fluid.  the techies slap on sensor pads.  head,
        heart, all over... spraying him down with freon.  mist
        everywhere... we see the temperature dropping on the
        monitors.  the warden looks at a crib sheet.  clears his
        throat.

                                smithers
                  john spartan.  you've done great
                  deeds for the city of los angeles,
                  so it is with some regret that i
                  hereby...

                                spartan
                  skip it...

        spartan shivers, contemplating one of his stiffening
        hands.

                                smithers
                  john spartan.  you've been
                  sentenced to 70 years in the
                  california cryopenitentiary for
                  the involuntary manslaughter of
                  thirty...

                                spartan
                  skip it...

        spartan is beginning to shake from the cold.  his lips
        turning blue before our eyes.  color just drains away.

                                smithers
                  i'm sorry, john.
                         (then; a smile)
                  don't catch cold.

                                spartan
                  fuh... fuf... funny.

        the technicians attempt to help spartan into the chamber.
        he shakes them off to stagger down on his own.  let's not
        kid ourselves, he's scared --

                                spartan
                  see ya next century...

        titles begin as...

        the casing door is closed over him.  monitors down the
        lining of the circular chamber show a digital rap sheet,
        a dropping thermometer, a parole date, and today's date:
        november 20, 1998.  a super-chilled clear goo flows in,
        packing and preserving isolated michelangeloesque
        segments of the defiant statue that is john spartan.

        but he's still conscious.  still even struggling a bit.
        on the arm above the chamber, inside a vacuum bell a
        small vial is auto unscrewed.  locked and safety lights
        cycle.  we see a tiny white chip inside.  the vial is
        moved into place by a tiny robot arm.  bottom vent is
        opened.  the chip is dumped into the chamber.  it's the
        opposite of watching ice shatter.  instead, the whole
        hockey puck goes solid in an instant and a half.  the
        thermo read-out drops in an instant to a half degree
        above 0 degrees kelvin.  it's done.

        the viewer makes a gently dizzying journey around the
        chamber, settling for a moment on spartan's contorted-
        into-a-defiant-sneer face.


