        int. wasteland - large cavern/support grid - night

        every scrap can see.  the two hang on a suspension grid
        of an old rusty rebar, directly over one of the whirring
        ventilator fans.  it's not meant to take any weight.
        slippery as hell from the spray above.  the rebar creaks
        and moans.

        no one dares move.  below, charlie lies dead.  no other
        cryocons can be seen.

        spartan and phoenix scrabble madly, yet in slow motion
        as not to break the old joints as they stay on.  hand
        over hand, phoenix makes his way along as ---

                                phoenix
                  hey, since we're just hanging out,
                  i have to tell you something --
                  remember those muni passengers
                  you blew to pieces trying to
                  catch me...?  they were already
                  dead, pal, before you even
                  touched the building.  cold as
                  haagen dazs.
                         (simon grins his
                          scary grin)
                  see ya...

        simon swings himself back and forth, gaining momentum.
        the rebar's about to give as he launches himself out
        into space, just clearing the fan.  a wild twisting
        fall ending in a clangorous landing through three levels
        of scrap lean-tos.

        spartan feels the rebar starting to fail around him.  as
        he tries to haul himself up, it just gives way more.  the
        whole fan structure is giving way.  bits of metal fall,
        hit the fan and are sent clanging off into space.

        and then... it gets worse.  a noise from above.  beppo
        appears.  hangs from a firm support.  he begins to stomp
        on spartan's fingers.  laughing wildly.

        spartan moves, he stomps them again.  spartan moves
        again, but this time seeing a heavier piece of rebar
        nearby.  snags it.  and as beppo's foot comes down again,
        grabs it.  hauls.  beppo starts to scream.  his grip
        comes loose on the wet bar above.  screams past spartan
        as he falls.  there's a tremendous cuisinart sound.
        blood flies up past spartan as he climbs up to safety.

        he moves down the grid past the fan.  sees below as
        phoenix scrambles to his feet, starts to run.  spartan
        doesn't want to do it.  no choice.  growls.  leaps.
        falls.  falls.  falls.  smashes into a garbage heap.


