int. thatched hut - heavy rain - day

merle and nick sit facing one another across the rose
patterned kitchen table. the guards are all grinning and even
the south vietnamese are watching with grim fascination. nick
has the revolver. he is trembling visibly. already merle has
managed to draw the guards in closer and as nick spins the
cylinder and cocks the hammer merle jumps up and begins
pounding on the table.

			merle 
	this is it, motherfuckers! now he's
	going to do it! watch! you watch!

nick almost loses what little control is left and his hand
begins shaking violently.

			merle (cont'd)
	look at him! see! this is it and he
	knows it!

side bets begin changing hands.

			merle (cont'd)
	last chance to lose your money
	there, guys. goodbye money! hurry,
	hurry. here he goes!

nick puts the revolver against his temple and pulls the
trigger. there is a dull click.

nick puts the revolver back on the table. his hand is shaking
so badly it falls with a clunk. merle grabs it, spins it,
sticks it to his temple and clicks out, talking all the time:

			merle (cont'd)
	this is stupid! you understand
	stupid? on and on! at this rate
	we'll still be here tomorrow!
		(throws the revolver on
		the table)
	wait a minute. i know! hey, i got
	it. more! put in more! you
	understand more? more! more
	bullets!
		(he mimes with his
		fingers)
	three bullets! you understand
	three? that way blam! boom!

merle hops up and down, laughing maniacally.

			merle (cont'd)
	ka-powie!!! ba-room!!!... 'cause i
	want that bastard! him i want boom!
	him or me!!!

the guard in charge looks at his companions. they all begin
shouting for him to go ahead. the guard in charge purses his
lips, as if imitating a general coming to a decision, and
then nods his assent. the guards all howl. merle joins right
in.

			merle (cont'd)
	he's terrific! great fucking guy!

the guard in charge takes the revolver, opens the cylinder
and begins sticking in two more cartridges.

			merle (cont'd)
	ka-pow!!! ba-roomie!!!

merle hops up and down again, then screams at nick, jabbing
his finger at him, as if in fury.

			merle (cont'd)
	both of us may have to pull on
	this, so get your shit in fuckin'
	shape!!!
		(to the guards)
	him or me!!! now we got it, him or
	me!!!
		(he rubs his hands and
		sits back down)
	place your bets, motherfuckers! now
	we're going! now we got a game!

the guard in charge places the revolver on the table, spins
it.

			merle (cont'd)
	watch! now watch! he's going to get
	it. and then ka-pow! ba-roomie!!!

the muzzle stops pointing at merle. merle scowls, looks over
at the guard in charge. the guard in charge has lifted the
barrel of his ak 47 and is watching him with caution. the
other guards, who are totally caught up in the game, are
yelling and shouting.

			merle 
	you guys think i'm in trouble,
	right?

merle picks up the revolver, spins the cylinder, cocks it...

			merle (cont'd)
	no way! never!!!
		(he begins to chant)
	merle is mighty! -- ha!
	merle is strong! -- ha!
	merle is magic! -- ha!
	merle lives long!
	lemme hear it. come on,
	motherfuckers, lemme hear it!

merle starts it again. the guards who are bett ing on him
join in:

			merle (cont'd)
		(with guards)
	merle is mighty! -- ha!
	merle is strong! -- ha!
	merle is magic! -- ha!
	merle lives long!

merle takes a glance at the guard in charge again. the guard
in charge is still eyeing him with caution.

merle places the revolver to his temple... and clicks into an
empty chamber.

			merle (cont'd)
	see! nothing to it.

he pushes the gun across to nick. then he stabs his finger at
him, screaming again, as if in a fit of rage.

			merle (cont'd)
	you got an empty chamber and it's
	in your mind! just put that empty
	chamber in the gun!

nick looks down at the revolver and picks it up. he stares at
merle for a moment. then he spins the cylinder, cocks the
hammer, puts it to his head... and clicks into an empty
chamber.

the guards let out expressions of disbelief. those betting on
nick begin taunting those betting on merle.

merle sits motionless, as if stunned, as if utterly defeated,
his brow furrowed in a mighty frown.

nick pushes the revolver across the table. his face is
twitching but he gives the gesture a certain flair, as if
throwing back a challenge.

merle stares at the revolver -- stares at it with an
expression of utter gloom. then he reaches out, takes the
revolver in his hand and pulls it toward him, as if he no
longer possessed the strength to pick it up.

			merle (cont'd)
		(gloom)
	who's for merle?
		(he thumps his fist on the
		table)
	is anyone for merle???

merle roams a glowering eve over the watching guards, as if
suddenly discovering himself among traitors. slowly, he
pushes himself to his feet. the gun is still on the table,
still in his right hand, and as he gets up he lets his body
sag over it.

			merle (cont'd)
	who here is for merle...?

there is absolute silence now except for the drumming of the
rain. it is as if the war had disappeared, vanished. the
guards stand motionless, hardly breathing, so captivated by
merle's performance that they suddenly resemble little
children.

			merle (cont'd)
	who... here... is for merle...?

merle begins his chant again. his voice is low, very
dramatic, and the guard in charge joins right in.

			merle (cont'd)
		(with guards)
	merle is mighty! -- ha!
	merle is strong! -- ha!
	merle is magic -- ha!

merle snaps the revolver level in his hand and blasts the
guard in charge, hitting him full in the face. at the same
time nick throws himself into the guard who is standing
behind him, spins and slams the guard's ak 47 into his chin.
two more shots blast out from merle's .45 and we see two
guards crash over the kitchen table. nick now opens up with
ak 47, and as merle backs off beside him, also with an ak 47,
they gun the remaining guards to the floor.

it is over in an instant. the bodies lie in a bloody, tangled
mess under a pathetic paper lantern. the rain drones on --
uninterrupted, undiminished, eternal...

