ext. rubber plantation - roulette stage - night

low bleachers covered in red velvet are set in a semi-circle
facing a small stage. the stage is lit with a single,
blindingly bright spotlight and is furnished with a table and
two velvet-covered chairs. two contestants, both of them
vietnamese, sit opposite one another. between them, lying on
the table, is a revolver. both contestants are dressed in
tuxedos. both wear red numbers on their downstage arm.

although the bleachers are not yet full, eager bettors jam
the first three rows. here clerks with change trays take the
bets, signalling each transaction to a marker who chalks the
shifting odds on a large board.

camera closes on nick, standing in the aisle, staring in
disbelief at the evolution of the game he once played.

now a referee enters the stage carrying two strips of scarlet
cloth.

			referee
		(amplified)
	game number seven. gentlemen will
	please wrap.

the contestants wrap their heads with the scarlet cloth.

			referee (cont'd)
		(as he loads revolver)
	one cartridge. game to be played to
	completion. forfeit automatic after
	delay of one minute.

the referee places the pistol back in the center of the table
and spins a wheel whose -intervals are alternately marked l
and r. the wheel clatters to a stop with the marker on l.

			referee 
	gentleman on the left will now
	commence play.

the referee steps out of the light. a gong sounds. the
contestant on the left picks up the pistol, spins the
cylinder, cocks it and

places it to his temple. he hesitates, pulls the trigger...
and clicks out.

nick is unable to bear it. he turns, starts around toward the
back of the stage. as nick moves through the guests we hear
the sound of the cylinder clicking, amplified over a p.a.
system. we hear the click of the hammer being cocked...

nick turns. the second contestant has the pistol to his
temple. he pulls the trigger... the gun goes off with a
deafening roar and he topples on the floor.

the first contestant steps forward as the spotlight narrows
to contain him alone. he bows, clasps his hands above his
head and dances around.

nick stares at the first contestant celebrating his victory.
he looks around him. bettors are screaming and yelling in
five languages.

nick starts off again, hurrying.

