int. thatched hut - original angle - day

the betting is now completed. the v.c. in charge waves the
.45 around and calls for silence. then, closing the cylinder
containing the single bullet, he points the revolver at the
ceiling and clicks through the empty chambers until the
revolver goes off with a roar. bits of thatch flutter down
from the ceiling. the v.c. guards shout enthusiastically and
grin.

merle sits motionless. the south vietnamese across the table
from him begins shaking uncontrollably.

the v.c. in charge now reloads the revolver with one
cartridge, snaps the cylinder shut, puts the gun on the table
between merle and the south vietnamese and gives it a good
spin.

the revolver slows and finally comes to a stop pointing at
merle. merle stares at it for a long beat. then he picks it
up, spins the cylinder, cocks it, puts it to his temple and
pulls the trigger. the hammer falls on an empty chamber with
a loud click.

merle places the revolver back on the table and pushes it
toward the south vietnamese. the south vietnamese begins to
tremble again. fumbling horribly he finally manages to get
the gun in his hand. he spins the cylinder, cocks the hammer
and puts the gun to his temple. the gun weaves around.
the south vietnamese closes his eyes and pulls the trigger.
there is a loud click.

merle takes the revolver again. he spins it, cocks it -- all
in one smooth motion -- puts it to his temple and pulls the
trigger. there is another click.

merle pushes the gun back across the table. this time the
south vietnamese takes it up with sudden confidence. he spins
the cylinder, cocks it, puts it to his temple and pulls on
the trigger.

there is a roar. the pistol is flying in the air and then the
man's head, half-exploded, crashes over onto the kitchen
table.

merle doesn't even blink. the guards begin hooting and
laughing, wiping pieces of brain from their clothes, and
merle watches them, watches every gesture, every movement...
like a cat.

