     int.  welles' motel room -- night

     welles is lit by the flicker from the television screen.  we
     see nothing.  we hear the rhythmic muffled moans of a woman
     from the tv, can't tell if it's pleasure or pain.

     max is asleep in the bed, pizza box near his feet.

     welles drinks beer, gets up and ejects the cassette from a
     vcr, tosses it aside, tired.  he picks another dino velvet
     tape, puts it in, sits.

     on tv: gothic rock is heard over old, scratchy images: of
     klansmen around a burning cross... dracula menacing a
     sleeping woman... a man in a devil costume dancing...

     welles opens another beer.

     on tv: a woman is tied up, arms in the air, hanging from the
     ceiling, gagged and blindfolded, in a dungeon lit by
     candelabras.  then, glimpsed images: worms writhing in
     slime... gargoyles... a guillotine falling.  then, the bound
     woman, struggling.  a masked man in a leather jacket enters.
     he wears a leather mask with zipper eyes and mouth...

     this focuses welles' attention.

     on tv: the masked man circles the captured woman...

                             welles
                 max... wake up...

     max awakens, rolling over, groggy.

                             max
                 wha... ?

                             welles
                       (points at tv)
                 who is this, in the mask?  who is he?

     max tries to see, eyes barely open.

                             max
                 he's one of the lunatics dino uses.
                 he's in a bunch of these.

     welles watches.  on the tv, masked man takes off his jacket
     shirtless, reveals an impossibly muscled body.  huge arms,
     thick chest, oiled, dotted in pimples. 

                             max
                 why?  he have something to do with
                 whatever you're into?

     still watching the behemoth on tv, welles is less sure.

     on tv: the bulging masked man flexes, ripped.

                             welles
                 no... it's nothing... that's not him.

     welles rubs his eyes, sits back.  max sits up, watching.

     on tv: masked man pulls the bound woman's head back by her
     hair, licks her face with his thick tongue...

     close on: masked man grips the woman's head, still licking.
     he pulls down the woman's blindfold...

     welles sits forward, realizing, horrified...

     welles goes to the vcr, hits pause.  the image on tv
     freezes.  welles goes back, frame by frame...

     ... to the close up where masked man grips the woman's face.
     freeze frame.  on masked man's hand: a tattoo, on the arch
     between his forefinger and thumb, same as the scrawny masked
     man in the snuff film.  a pentagram tattoo.

                             welles
                 who is he?

                             max
                 i told you, he's one of dino
                 velvet's stock players...

                             welles
                 who is he, his name?

                             max
                 nobody knows his name.  that's his
                 thing.  he always wears a mask.  you
                 never see his face.  he calls
                 himself "machine," that's what they
                 call him.  machine. 

     welles hits play.  on tv, masked man runs his hands up and
     down the woman's body.  the woman's eyes are filled with
     fear.  welles sits, unnerved, watching.

                             max
                 they say he's half brain-dead from
                 all the steroids he's using.

     max rolls over, trying to get back to sleep.

                             max
                 he's a brutal motherfucker, man.  he
                 loves what he does for a living. 


