     int.  basement -- night

     max and welles enter through the double doors, into a kind
     of small, underground porn flea market.  it's incredibly
     quiet.  about fifteen card tables are set up in rows.  the
     men behind the tables and the thirty or so "customers"
     looking through the merchandise make those in the previous
     porn shops look like high society.

     these are middle-aged men, most balding, some with pot
     bellies, in shorts and tube socks, in sweatpants and members
     only jackets: plain men, but with a look of desperation in
     their eyes, glancing around nervously, greasy and afraid.

                             one dealer
                 we're shutting down in fifteen
                 minutes.  fifteen minutes.

     welles makes his way to the tables, wary.  one table is
     covered in dirty cardboard boxes, filled with hundreds of
     photos of young children, mostly boys, naked.  each photo is
     wrapped in plastic, censored by masking tape.

     welles swallows back disgust.

     the next table is piled high with used pornographic
     magazines.  there are baggies with colorful pills laid out.
     x-rated polaroids wrapped in rubberbands.

     max follows behind, unaffected, smokes a cigarette.

     another table offers video tapes with no identifying marks
     other than hand written labels with numbers written out,
     "two," "sixteen," "five."  and many bootleg videos with
     grainy, homemade labels showing women in extreme bondage.

     welles watches out the corner of his eye as the plump man
     beside him pays for a thick stack of kiddie porn pictures.
     welles waits till the man moves on, addresses the angry
     looking dealer who's counting money.

                             welles
                       (points to numbered videos)
                 what are these?

                             angry dealer
                 mixed hard bondage.  rape films.
                 sick shit.  buy five, get one free.

     welles looks around, wipes sweat off his top lip.

                             welles
                 anything harder?

                             angry dealer
                 there's nothing harder.

                             welles
                 snuff?

                             angry dealer
                 what you see is what i got, mister.

                             welles
                 you know where i can get it?  i have
                 a lot of money to spend.

                             angry dealer
                 there ain't no such thing as snuff.
                 why don't you fuck off? 

     the dealer sits and keeps counting cash.
     welles moves on beyond the tables there's a curtained
     doorway.  welles walks to it, enters...

     inside the curtain

     folding chairs face a screen.  a projector shows a silent
     movie; a buxom woman in nurses uniform prepares an enema bag
     and tube.  a hairy, overweight man lays face down on an
     examination table, naked, arms tied behind his back.

     in the darkness, a man shifts in his chair, grunting,
     obviously masturbating.  a few chairs away, a man is bent
     over, moving his head in the lap of someone in a blonde wig.

     a large man approaches welles from the dark.

                             large man
                 you have to pay to come in here. 

     welles backs away, shuts the curtain.


