     int.  second floor hallway -- day

     welles turns...
     machine charges down the hall, screaming with rage, bowie
     knife raised to kill...

     welles brings his gun up, but machine's upon him, stabbing...

     welles catches machine's hand, stops the knife.  machine
     grips welles' gun hand, shoving him back...

     welles is slammed against the wall, grappling, gun hand
     pinned.  welles gun goes off, once... twice...

     blowing holes in the ceiling.  machine's grunts, pushing the
     knife forward... closer to welles, face... closer...

     welles struggles, overpowered.  the tip of the horrible
     knife is inches away...

     welles bends his knees, crouching, trying to gain distance
     from the blade...

     machine pulls welles gun hand lower, brings it against the
     swinging laundry chute door built into the wall, begins
     twisting welles' hand back, trying to pry the gun loose...

     welles looks out the corner of his eyes to his gun...

     welles turns his gun hand, slowing struggling to aim the gun
     towards the knife, but it's awful close to his face...

     the knife's shaking, less than an inch from welles' cheek...

     welles shuts his eyes and turns his head, letting out a cry,
     fires his gun...

     the bullet blasts machine's knife, knocks it away!

     machine recoils for a millisecond, but brings his now free
     hand to welles' throat, choking him.  welles' face reddens,
     bleeding from bullet fragments...

     welles tries to pry machine's fingers from his throat.

     machine works on welles' gun hand with violent, renewed
     effort -- slams welles' hand against the laundry chute...
     slams it... slams it... till welles drops the gun...
     the gun can be heard clattering down the chute. 

     machine brings his hand to join the other around welles'
     throat.  welles can't break the grip...

     welles punches machine's face, till blood runs out from the
     mask's nose hole, but it's having no effect...

     welles brings his knee up hard -- into machine's stomach!

     machine falls to his knees with a roar, holds his already
     wounded stomach, bleeding through his shirt...

     welles falls, clutching his throat, gasping.  he struggles
     to his feet, leaps past, headlong towards the stairs...

     machine rises, charging after...

     on the staircase

     welles is tackled from behind...
     welles and machine tumble down the stairs, smashing the
     wooden railing, toppling a bookshelf... landing hard...

     welles punches and kicks, breaking free, running across the
     living room.  machine rises to give chase...

     welles grabs a dining room chair and throws it...
     machine knocks the chair aside, keeps coming.  welles grips
     another chair, uses it to hold machine off...

     machine grips the chair by the legs.  welles shoves forward,
     pushes machine back, letting go...

     welles dives under the dining table, crawling on his hands
     and knees, scrambling...

     machine throws the chair, runs, leaps...
     machine lands on the table, crawls to the far edge, grabbing
     down with his meaty fists as welles moves forward...

     under the table, welles jerks back, avoiding, then rises,
     extending his knees, pushing upwards from underneath...

     welles flips the table, throwing machine to the floor...

     welles charges towards the kitchen door, falls, gets up...
     machine gets to his feet...

     in the kitchen

     welles shoves through the swinging door...
     machine bursts through, catching welles, tackling him...

     welles hits the floor with machine on top.  machine begins
     to rein punches down on welles, head and back...

     welles tries to cover up, taking a real beating...

     machine rises, gripping welles, lifting him, throws him...

     welles smashes into shelves of knick-knacks over the kitchen
     sink, shattering a window, landing on the sink and counter.

     machine comes to grip welles again, drags him across the
     counter, knocking everything to the floor...
     machine swings welles, releases him...

     welles slams the refrigerator and slumps to the ground,
     tries to stay conscious, trying weakly to get back up...
     machine comes to welles, gets on his knees...

     machine wraps his arm around welles' neck from behind, gets
     him in a choke hold, tightens his grip, cutting off welles
     airway with his forearm...

     welles tries to break machine's impossible grip with one
     hand, begins searching the floor with his other hand...
     frantically feeling for anything he can use...

     welles' face is blood red...

     welles' hand grasps desperately... finds a fork, grips it...

     welles swings the fork back, stabs it into machine's thigh!

     machine screams, releases welles and falls back, reaching
     around to the fork...

     welles gets to his knees, sucking air, turns to look...

     machine crawls away, pulls the fork out with trembling
     fingers.  beyond him, there's the basement door.

     welles gets to his feet, looking...
     he grabs a frying pan off the counter, gripping it in both
     hands and moving towards machine...

     machine's getting up...
     welles bashes machine in the face with an upward swing of
     the frying pan...

     machine is sent backpedaling, crashing into the oven!

     welles drops the pan, leaps over machine, to the door...

     in the basement

     welles comes down the stairs, falls when he gets to the
     bottom, barely has any strength left.  he looks all
     directions, sees the laundry chute in the ceiling...

     welles gets up, stumbling, falls to his knees at the pile of
     dirty laundry, starts digging through it, searching
     desperately, throwing clothing aside...

     behind, machine comes down the stairs, a bloody mess...

     welles searches the laundry pile... 

     machine reaches the bottom of the stairs, heading for
     welles.  welles turns, has the gun in hand, fires twice...
     hitting machine in the shoulder and stomach, knocking
     machine a few steps backwards...

     welles fires...

     machine's hit in the chest, falling back, into hanging
     laundry, pulling down the clothes line and sheets...

     machine hits the ground, wrapped in sheets.

     welles stands, still aiming the gun, pulls the trigger on an
     empty chamber.  out of bullets.

     machine's trying to pull free from the sheets, trying to get
     back up to his feet.  welles lets out a sob, drops the gun,
     walking to machine...

     welles climbs onto machine from behind, takes clothing line
     in hand, starts wrapping the cord around machine's throat...

     welles pulls back on the clothes line, pulling it tight...

     machine tries to get his fingers around the cord.  welles
     stands, pulling tighter, putting a foot on machine's back,
     pulling the clothes line with all his might...

     the cord's cutting into welles' hand, drawing blood.

     machine, face down, lets out a gurgling sound, struggling,
     struggling... till he finally stops moving.

     welles releases the cord, takes a step back, breathing hard,
     trembling.  he looks around the basement.

     welles walks to pick up his gun, replaces the gun in his
     holster.  he stands looking at machine.

     welles walks to machine, bends, grasps machine wrestling
     mask, pulling it off.  he rolls machine over...

     welles stares down at machine.  we never see machine's face.

