     int.  christian house, dining room -- night 

     an 8mm projector faces a wall.  welles looks back to mrs.
     christian in the doorway.  mrs. christian leaves, shuts the
     door.  darkness.  welles turns on the projector and sits.
     the projector clatters, shooting bright images...

     on the wall: flash frames, over exposure, then... the grainy
     film is hand held, constantly in motion, showing a skinny
     girl, 16 or 17, in a negligee, sitting on a bed in a
     nondescript room with little furniture.  looks like a hotel
     room.  we only ever see three walls.  the once beautiful
     girl looks worn, drugged, dark circles under her eyes,
     staring blankly.  the camera's tungsten spotlight casts
     long, shifting shadows as the camera moves, but the girl
     still stares oblivious.  the bed is wrapped in plastic and
     duct tape.  the floor is covered by plastic sheeting...

     welles watches, crossing his arms, already uncomfortable.

     on the wall: a door opens behind the girl, looks like a
     bathroom, and a masked man enters.

     the masked man wears a garish, mexican wrestling mask with
     eye holes and a mouth.  the mask covers his entire head.
     he's naked except for red shorts, his body scrawny, oiled,
     pale.  the man goes to stand in front of the girl.  he seems
     to be saying something to her, but the film is silent and
     the only sound is the projector's loud sprocket hole
     clatter.  it's all one long take.  the camera moves to favor
     the girl...

     welles sits straight in his chair, wary.

     on the wall: masked man raises his open hand and slaps the
     girl, knocking her back on the bed...

     welles grimaces.

     on the wall: masked man pulls the girl back to a seated
     position.  the girl's like a rag doll, face reddened, eyes
     closed, but she remains upright.  masked man uses his thumbs
     to open her unseeing eyes.  he touches her mouth with his
     fingers, presses his lips to hers.  then, masked man backs
     away, leaving frame, till the camera moves to find masked
     man standing at a table with three large bowie knifes laid
     out.  masked man runs his fingers over the blades...

     welles rises slowly, still watching.

     on the wall: masked man selects a huge bowie knife and moves
     back towards the girl...

     welles crosses his arms tight, disbelieving, fearful.
     we will never see what happens next in the film, but welles
     does.  in the flickering, reflected light, welles backs
     involuntarily away from the horrible images, holding his
     fist to his mouth, breathing hard.

     welles keeps backing away, till he's backed against a wall.
     the projector's clattering.  welles is sickened, sweating,
     still watching, till he finally shuts his eyes.

