               ext. kirby gallery - night

               ben and alicia step out together.  the crowd quiets, turns. 
               a few whispers flutter.  alicia leans close to ben, and slips
               her arm into his.  the party goes back to normal.

                                   alicia
                         look around.  i'll get us drinks. 
                         they always let blind girls cut the
                         line.

               she walks off.  he watches her go.  the way her hair moves. 
               the lines of her neck.  the light on her skin.  this woman is
               the most beautiful thing ben has ever seen.  he's falling
               hard.

               ben steps through the crowd.  the swanky guests give strained
               smiles, polite.  ben is starting to feel comfortable here. 
               he keeps his eyes on alicia, who talks to guests.
               
               ben hangs back, happy to watch her.  a few patrons pass him,
               thinking he's just an inanimate statue.

                                   patron
                         i don't know about this one.  it lacks
                         a certain...realism.

               ben keeps his eyes on alicia.  he overhears two bohemian
               girls, who assume he's a statue.

                                   bohemian girl #1
                         she's always had a thing for runaways
                         and strays, but this is ridiculous.

                                   bohemian girl #2
                         i know.  did she really think these
                         sculptures would sell?

                                   bohemian girl #1
                         like anybody would want this thing in
                         their house.  that girl's a one-woman
                         charity.

               ben just stands there, frozen.  his eyes dart around the
               room, paranoid now.  aware of people staring, laughing.  he
               glances at alicia, who giggles at something else.  ten
               seconds ago, this would have been dreamy.  now it's damning. 

               we stay with alicia, who cuts through the crowd, emerging
               where she left ben.  she has a pitcher of wine in hand for
               him.  but ben is gone.  she looks disappointed, hearing his
               heavy footsteps get softer and softer in the distance. 

               thunder booms on the cut to --

