               int. bank - underground parking garage - day

               after hours.  the floor is slick with water -- puddles in
               every direction.  ned cecil comes out of the elevator,
               heading for his car.  as he goes, the structure lights start
               to flicker.  ned looks up, watches the lights go out one by
               one, furthest to closest.  he looks around.  unnerved by the
               darkness.

                                   ned cecil
                         hello...?

               a hanging beat.  victor steps out from shadows.

                                   ned cecil (cont'd)
                             (relieved, almost)
                         von doom?  gave me a little shock.  no
                         hard feelings, right?  nothing
                         personal.

               victor says nothing.  ned keeps going.

                                   ned cecil (cont'd)
                         you know, you could always move back
                         to latvura, start fresh.

               he mispronounces latveria, dripping condescension.

                                   ned cecil (cont'd)
                         maybe that's where you belong, back in
                         the "old country."

               that does it.  a surge of electricity courses through victor. 
               his eyes narrow, and the electricity crackles down his leg to
               the ground.  the electric spark hits the water and...

               electric currents race across the ground, slithering
               lightning-fast across the water (like deadly electric
               snakes), heading straight for ned.  his eyes go wide.  and...
              
               ned is electrocuted!  his body spasms.  thud!  he slumps,
               dead.  smoke rises from his body.  victor stands, power
               swelling.

               for the first time, his scar splits open, revealing a metal
               glow beneath the skin.  he remains scary calm.

                                   victor
                         it's pronounced latveria.
                             (looking down at the dead body)
                         this meeting's over, ned.

               victor walks away, the final lights going to darkness.

