               ext. nyc arena - a little later

               johnny and the hot babe exit, signing autographs for girls in
               the line.  sue and reed approach, glare like angry parents. 

               johnny finds the valet, who looks ill...his car is gone.

                                   johnny
                             (looking around)
                         where's my ride?

               the valet blows his whistle...and a 4 x 4 solid cube of red
               junk metal slides down the street and stops at the curb in
               front of johnny.  the valet timidly holds out the keys...

                                   johnny (cont'd)
                         what the?!  is that my --

               before he can finish, johnny gets pelted in the head with the
               license plate.  it rattles to the ground, face up.

               johnny rubs the sting out of his head.  looks up and sees ben
               in the distance, dusting off his hands.

                                   johnny (cont'd)
                             (shouting: to ben)
                         you're gonna pay for that, pebbles.
                             (seeing sue)
                         what?!

                                   sue
                         you gave us names?  what are you, the
                         "face" of the fantastic four now?

               ben marches up.  hands balled into fists.

                                   ben
                         it's about to be a broken face.

                                   reed
                         this isn't permanent, johnny.  we need
                         to be careful until we're normal
                         again.

                                   johnny
                         what if some of us don't want to be
                         "normal" again?  we didn't all turn
                         into monsters like --

               ben reels back a fist the size of an anvil.  stops himself. 
               instead of attacking, he starts to walk off.

               johnny hurls a fireball that smacks ben in the back of the
               head.  ben stops.  turns around more shocked than hurt.

                                   ben
                         did you just --

               ben gets hit with another fireball.  this time in the face.

                                   ben (cont'd)
                         okay, that's it, tinkerbell!  you want
                         to fly?  fly.

               ben charges like a bull, fist cocked back, and...reed steps
               in the way!  too late!  whamm!  ben's fist punches into
               reed's chest, which indents.  reed's back expands with ben's
               fist, punching into johnny, launching johnny off his feet. 

               bam!  johnny slams into a moving advertising truck, with a
               burger king flame-broiled whopper on the side.  whoosh!  he
               leaves a flaming imprint on the all-beef patty.

               the crowd stands stunned.  so do reed and sue.  cameras pop. 

               johnny slowly pulls himself up.  the paint on the truck
               begins to bubble around his hand.  beaten, bruised, he
               stands.  heating up.  both his hands are now flaming fists of
               fury.

                                   johnny
                         let's see if we can get blood from a
                         stone.

               he and ben lock eyes, with a block of sidewalk between them. 
               high noon.  they start to run toward each other...

               when they are almost within range, sue steps between them,
               stops them both in their tracks with just a look.  like a
               mom:

                                   sue
                         you two need a time-out.

                                   johnny
                         blockhead started it!

               ben just stalks off.  the crowd clears, scared.  a paparazzi
               snaps a picture.  ben grabs his camera, and flicks the lens.

