               int. victor's office - day

               victor enters, still adrenalized.  he turns to the light
               switch, and the lights come on.  he approaches his screens,
               and the monitors flicker to life.  his powers are growing. 

               one monitor rolls the news.  images of the fantastic four. 
               victor leans closer, and the volume automatically goes up.

                                   newscaster (on tv)
                         ...the fantastic four put on quite a
                         show last night.  they landed in every
                         major headline in the northern
                         hemisphere.  in related news...

               an image of victor on screen.

                                   newscaster (on tv) (cont'd)
                         reports have surfaced that von doom
                         industries may be filing for
                         bankruptcy.  you may remember that it
                         was victor von doom who...

               victor turns away from the screen.  the volume goes down.  he
               focuses his eyes on reed.

               leonard enters, stepping closer, seeing the faint flicker of
               victor's metallic scar.  his eyes narrow, concerned.

                                   leonard
                         sir, is everything okay?  what
                         happened to your...?

               victor keeps his eyes on the screen, totally engrossed.

                                   victor
                             (under breath, seething)
                         reed... he got what he wanted...
                             (looking at sue)
                         everything he wanted...he took from me.

               he leans ever closer, so the static starts to swallow reed. 
               a hard, deadly beat.  victor's eyes narrow, zooming
               into...reed's research: slides on the wall.  he zooms into
               key words:

               danger, unstable ions, mutation, overload.  and victor gives
               a slow, thin smile.  a new plan forming.

                                   victor (cont'd)
                         now i'm going to take it back.  piece
                         by bloody piece...

               his fist clenches.  we hear metallic sfx.

