               ext. black diamond run - day

               the nurse knows every inch of the trail, slicing expertly in
               and out of the trees through deep powder.  johnny's a speed
               freak, maximizing velocity, closing the gap between them. 

               ghostly flames shoot off his hair: his ski cap catches fire,
               flies off.  jets of fire knife through the back of his jacket.

               the nurse looks back: in a burst of speed, johnny draws even. 
               she looks over and sees the flames shooting out behind him...

                                   sexy nurse
                         you're on fire!

                                   johnny
                         not this again --

                                   sexy nurse
                         no: you're on fire!

               johnny sees his gloves are burning, flicks them off in alarm. 
               his body shudders: the back of his ski suit catches on fire. 
               a burst of flame launches him down the slope like a rocket.

               nurse loses concentration, falls.  johnny races away like a
               missile, screaming in exhilaration.  he looks back -- no
               nurse.

               he tries to put out his flaming clothes, and accidentally
               veers to the left.  he fails to notice the giant chasm in
               front of him.  he faces forward and...

               screeaamms!  launching off the cliff, legs flailing, trying
               to catch ground.  flames begin to trail his body as he falls
               towards the rocks below.  he tries to will his body away. 

               instead, his body becomes engulfed in flame.  he is a human
               torch!  and for a moment he holds the air -- the fire giving
               him some kind of...lift.  he maneuvers just over the rocks,
               almost making a 90 degree turn.

               he looks back at the rocks in disbelief.  but the lift
               doesn't last long. he quickly crashes, landing hard into a
               snowbank.

               he opens his eyes; tries to move but can't.  he's trapped
               under snow and ice.  with all his strength, he tries to move,
               no dice.  panic sets in. his eyes go wide as the snow around
               quickly begins to melt.  johnny is on fire, and within
               seconds he's sitting in a small pond, steam rising from the
               water.

               the nurse races toward the steam.  scared, panicked.  she
               finds johnny...smiling, sitting naked in an impromptu hot
               tub, staring at his hands.  his body.  exhilarated.

                                   johnny
                         care to join me?

               she smiles and unzips.  the flames dissolve to...candles in --

