               int. von doom - conference room - night

               doom sits at the head of the table in an eerie parallel to
               the opening scene.  those mysterious crates loom in shadows. 
               he wears a green hood, and metal mask over his scarred face. 

               doom's eyes turn toward...the other end of the table.

                                   doom
                         chemistry 101, part two.  what
                         happens to rubber when it's super-
                         cooled?

               we now see what he sees: reed sits in a chair with tubes
               injected into his skin freezing him solid!  ultra-cold vapor
               coats him.  doom steps closer, a sadistic smile.

               reed tries to move but can't even ball his hand into a fist.

                                   doom (cont'd)
                         allow me.

               he presses down on one of reed's fingers, which makes a
               horrific cracking sound.  reed's face twists with pain.

                                   doom (cont'd)
                         painful...?

               doom seems to enjoy every crack.  he leans closer.

                                   doom (cont'd)
                         you don't know the meaning of the
                         word.

               doom lets up on reed and reaches into a crate, and pulls out
               a military-issue rocket-launcher.  he aims at the city
               skyline, locking onto his target: johnny storm.

                                   doom (cont'd)
                         but you will.

               johnny's heat signature glows.  the screen flashes: target
               acquired.  doom looks back at reed, his launcher aimed
               casually over his shoulder.

                                   doom (cont'd)
                         flame off.

               boooom!  he fires without looking!  a missile blasts into the
               sky.  the missile lights up the dark night beginning its wide
               turn towards its target.

