23   int. customs (lax) - closeup on axl torvalds - day             23

     superimpose:    3 days earlier

                                                      (continued)

                                                               10.

23   continued:                                                      23

     axl torvalds enters customs. a thirty-something european
     who could easily pass for a season regular on
     "sprockets."

     we pull back. torvalds is watching anxiously as his bags
     are torn into like christmas day at the griswalds. the
     two customs agents eye his three laptops suspiciously.

                                torvalds
                         (heavy finnish
                          accent)
                  please be careful --

     -- one of the agents cuts off his plea with a glance.

                                torvalds
                         (to himself, almost
                          inaudibly)
                  -- that equipment is quite
                  expensive.

     torvalds is wary of time. after several moments his bags
     are being repacked when another passport is found.

     the customs official holds up two passports. another
     customs official takes them and walks over to torvalds.

                                another customs official
                  mr. torvalds. could you step
                  over here, please.

     torvalds glances at his watch.    1:45 pm.

                                torvalds
                  how long am i going to be delayed?

                                another customs official
                  it'll be just a moment.

     torvalds stands to the side, while two customs officials
     compare his passports. they step over to a computer
     terminal and punch in some data. it's 1:50 pm.

     torvalds notices a customs department employee wheeling a
     cart of confiscated items out of a nearby service
     elevator. he pushes the cart out of the oversized
     elevator.

     torvalds shoots a glance back to the two officials
     discussing his situation.

     torvalds casually picks up his computer case and coolly
     walks over to the elevator.

                                                       (continued)

                                                                 11.

23   continued:    (2)                                                 23

     torvalds walks in just as the doors close.

     the customs officials conferring look around. torvalds
     is gone. one of them looks up and sees the numbers
     changing above the elevator.

     the customs officials race up to the escalator to the --


