     ext. solomon and solomon - that moment

     wide angle, donnie and jim kurring shake hands and part ways,
     getting into their cars. a few words more about, "call me up
     for that guys number and he'll help you out with the teeth."

     donnie gets in his car.  camera stays with jim kurring who walks
     over to his car and gets behind the wheel. 

     camera holds on him.  he does a little "cops" talking to himself.

                                jim kurring 
                      ...alot of people think this is just
                      a job that you go to.....take a lunch 
                      hour, the jobs over, something like that.
                      but...it's a 24 hour deal...no two ways
                      about it....and what most people don't 
                      see:  just how hard it is to do the right thing.
                                (beat) 
                      people think if i make a judgment call
                      that it's a judgment on them...but 
                      that's not what i do and that's not 
                      what should be done...i have to take
                      everything and play it as it lays. 
                      sometimes people need a little help.
                      sometimes people need to be forgiven 
                      and sometimes they need to go to jail.
                      and that's a very tricky thing on my 
                      part...making that call...the law is the
                      law and heck if i'm gonna break it...but 
                      you can forgive someone....?  well, that's
                      the tough part....what do we forgive? 
                      tough part of the job.....tough part of
                      walking down the street...

     camera stays with him and holds as he puts the car into gear
     and drives away....hold with him as he drives...he starts to
     cry a little bit to himself. 

                                                                cut to: 

