     int. television studio/stage - that moment

     camera pushes in on jimmy and burt, behind the curtain.  jimmy drunk;

                                burt 
                      you okay?  huh?  jimmy? 

                                jimmy 
                      and the book says: "we may by through with 
                      the past, but the past ain't through with us." 

                                burt 
                      c'mon, jimmy, snap up, snap up -- 

                                jimmy 
                      in my sleep, burt.

     camera pushes in on the floor director as he counts off;

                                floor director 
                      and...three...two...one....

     he points his finger...camera whips over to dick jennings who says: 

                                dick jennings 
                      live from burbank, california it's: "what do kids know?" 

     camera whips rt. to the applause signs, then whips again to the audience
     that cheers, then whips again to see the "what do kids know?" sign as it
     lowers over the stage.  the theme music kicks in and we're away; 

     director's note: we move between their tv camera's pov and our 35mm
     camera pov. 

                                dick jennings (vo) 
                      going into our thirty-third year on the air,
                      it's america's longest running quiz show and
                      the place where three kids get to challenge
                      three adults and in the end see who's boss!

     "the kids" panel as it turns towards the audience and lights up. 

                                dick jennings (vo) 
                      moving towards their eighth consecutive 
                      week as champions we have the kids:
                      richard, julia and stanley.

     "the adults" panel turns towards the audience and lights up. 

                                dick jennings (vo) 
                      and our new adult challengers 
                      today are todd, luis, and mim. 

     angle - backstage - that moment
     jimmy stands behind the curtain.  camera dollies in on his back. he 
     holds his head down.

                                dick jennings (vo)
                      please say hello and welcome
                      to the always ready host of
                      "what do kids know?" your favorite:
                      and my boss: jimmy gator!

     the curtain opens -- a spotlight shines directly into camera -- 
     jimmy enters the stage.

                                                                cut to: 

