     int. burbank holiday inn/banquet room - that moment

     frank steps into a close up and holding a mic, says:

                                frank
                      respect the cock and tame the cunt, boys.

     reverse, that moment. the crowd of fifty guys who are taking the 
     "seduce and destroy seminar" that frank is teaching today laugh and
     play along; 

     frank is on a slightly elevated stage.  vbehind him a huge banner for,
     "seduce and destroy," whose logo is a scared pussycat and a large wolf
     with a big buldge in his fur.  it reads: "no pussy has nine lives". 

                                frank 
                      and you did hear me right.  tame it.
                      take it on, head first -- with your 
                      skills at work and say, "no.  you will
                      not control me.  you will not take my
                      soul and you will not win this game."
                      'cause it is a game, guys, you wanna 
                      think it's not -- go back to the schoolyard
                      and have a crush on mary jane -- respect 
                      the cock -- you are embedding this thought:
                      i'm in charge.  i'm the one who says yes, 
                      no, now or here.  shit, man.  sad but true.
                      sad but true.  and you wanna know what?
                      it must be the way. 
                      the thing about chicks and the thing
                      about this course that we're going 
                      through today is how universal the whole 
                      thing is.  i mean: i wish i could sit here 
                      and say that it's not -- because the reality?
                      if each chick had something new, something
                      really new that i'd never seen before? 
                      fuckin' hell: i'd be in the money!  because 
                      i'd have to create a hundred new cassettes,
                      a hundred new books, a hundred new seminars 
                      and hundred new videos just to deal with each
                      and every situation a chick could create - 
                      but that is just not the case.  they are universal.
                      they are sheep. they are to be studied and 
                      watched -- they have patterns that must be stopped,
                      interupted and resisted. i'd be makin' a fuckin'
                      butt load if they were actually as much of 
                      a challenge as they want you to think they are!
                      reality: they are all the same. 
                      each and every one of them.  and once you learn 
                      these methods: you're set.  you don't have to come back.
                      that's it. in solid. boom.  done.  over.  why?
                      because all women are the same.  period. 
                      end of discussion.  sorry.  it's true.  sad but true.
                      and anyone who wants to say that these methods
                      we work by are "unfair?"  yes, they are.
                      guilty as charged.  and so's the world. 
                      it's a harsh, hard unfair place, but it's not 
                      gonna stop me from getting my fair shair of hair pie -- 
                      period.  sorry.  end of discussion.

                                                                cut to:

