     int. jim kurring's apartment - day

     a very straight ahead apartment in reseda where jim kurring (30s) lives.
     sound of a 1-900 personal dating service plays over following quick
     shots of kurring getting ready for his day; 

     -jim is sipping his morning coffee, reading the paper.
     -jim in the shower.
     -jim doing push ups.
     -jim watching and laughing a bit with the today show.
     -jim kneeling down by his bed, praying.

                                phone service voice 
                      ...press one to hear this person's personal
                      description of themself and two to leave a
                      a personal message of your own -- 

     the sound of touch-tone phone pressing "1."

                                jim kurring's voice 
                      well, hello.  this is jim.  i work in 
                      law enforcement.  i am an officer for
                      the l.a.p.d. and i work out of the van nuys 
                      district.  i love my job, and i love to go to
                      the movies.  i try to stay pyhsically fit, 
                      my job demands it, so i'm in pretty good shape.
                      i'm gettin' up there, though: i'm 32 years old 
                      and i'm six feet two inches tall and i weigh about 160.
                      i'm really interested in meeting someone special
                      who likes quiet things.....my life is very 
                      stressful and i'd hope to have a relationship 
                      that is very calm and undemanding and loving -- 

     the sound again of the touch-tone phone cancels jim's description. 

                                phone service voice 
                      if you would like to hear more personal 
                      descriptions from other men in your area,
                      press two now -- 

                                                                cut to:

