     int. smiling peanut bar - that moment

     camera (steadicam) pushes in as donnie enters this dark little bar.
     it's not too crowded.  he takes off his wet coat, brushes his hair 
     back a bit and walks to an empty corner table --

     donnie takes his seat and looks over to the bar -- camera swings a 180,
     heads away from him -- it moves to the bar area and into:

     a young, handsome bartender brad (20s) is pouring drinks.

     camera picks up with a cocktail waitress (30s) who walks over and 
     brings us back to donnie's booth -- 

                                cocktail waitress 
                      hello.  you're back again, huh? 

                                donnie 
                      yeah, yes, hi, hello. 

                                cocktail waitress
                      -- can i get you? 

                                donnie
                      diet coke. 

     she exits.  donnie lights a cigarette -- camera blends from 24fps 
     to 40fps -- he looks across the room -- camera swings 180 back towards
     the bar and pushes in towards -- 

     bartender brad takes the order from the cocktail waitress. 
     he nods, turns from her and smiles to reveal a full set of braces. 

     angle, donnie.  camera pushes in slow and he smiles, touches his
     hand to his mouth.

     donnie's pov - the bartender pours the coke, turns his attention towards
     an old-freaky looking thurston howell/truman capote/dorothy parker 
     type guy (60s) at the end of the bar, who raises his glass, motions as
     if to say, "another one of these, please," while waving some money
     and smiling/flirting with brad the bartender. 

     donnie's face drops.  camera dollies back a little bit and blends from
     40fps to 24fps.  the cocktail waitress arrives back; 

                                cocktail waitress
                      diet coke. 

                                donnie 
                      i want a shot of tequila too.

                                cocktail waitress
                      -- what kind? 

                                donnie 
                      it doesn't matter. 

     donnie glares across the bar at brad and thurston as they flirt.

                                                                cut to: 

