     int. apartment - day

     camera moves in on the parents then over to some detectives and officers
     who are making sense of this, they nod to each other as if to say,
     "well we know what we have to do..."

                                narrator 
                      so fay barringer was charged with the 
                      murder of her son and sydney barringer 
                      noted as an accomplice in his own death...

     camera moves towards the little eight year old boy as he watches 
     the older couple cry and scream as detectives begin to cuff them -- 

                                narrator 
                      ...and it is in the humble opinion of this
                      narrator that this is not just "something 
                      that happened."  this cannot be "one of those
                      things..." this, please, cannot be that. 
                      and for what i would like to say, i can't.
                      this was not just a matter of chance. 

     camera pushes in towards the mother as she screams and screams and the
     officer's fight to regain control of her -- in the scuffle, the
     apartment door is shut directly in the face of the camera. 

     cut to black.

                                narrator 
                      ohhhh. these strange things happen all the time. 

     main title que begins, then carries over following until noted:

     titie card:      new line cinema presents 

     title card:      a joanne sellar/ghoulardi film company production

     title card:      a p.t. anderson picture 

                                                                cut to: 

     camera dollies in super quick on a flower.(time lapse,bud blooms) 
     freeze frame, continue w/optical zoom and rotate 360 degrees;total blur.
     flash title card: 

                             m a g n o l i a

     camera keeps moving in further and farther until the image
     gets incredibly blurry, then: 

                                                                cut to: 

