     int. game show stage - that moment

     three men in tuxedos and harmonicas have taken a place near
     the band.  jimmy, reading from his cards, introduces them and
     asks the following question: 

     (note: jimmy's speech is starting to slur a bit more at this 
     point.  his motor skills seem to be fading quickly.)

                                jimmy 
                      imagine you are attending a jam session
                      of classical composers and they have 
                      each done an arrangment of the classic 
                      favorite, "whispering."  here are three 
                      variations on the theme, as three classic 
                      composer's might have written it -- you are
                      to name the composer.  the first: 

     the harmonica fella's play an arrangment....camera pushes in close
     on stanley and titls down close to his pants....

     stanley begins to piss his pants.  he trembles and shakes and 
     holds back tears as the wet stain gets bigger.

     oc through this we hear the adults answer the question:

                                todd (oc)
                      well, jimmy that sounded to me
                      like brahms, a bit like his hungarian
                      dance number six, i believe. 

                                jimmy (oc) 
                      excellent. next number:

     the harmonica fella's play another arrangment of "whispering"
     that sounds like ravel's "bolero."

     stanley moves his arms down to his sides to cover his crotch 
     and pull at his pants -- and his buzzer goes off with a brush
     of the side of his arm -- 

                                jimmy 
                      stanley the man -- answer:

     stanley.  hold.  he starts to cry. julia and richard look over
     at him and see his pants and they start to laugh a bit.

                                stanley
                      ...i don't know the answer... 

     jimmy starts to studder and shake a bit....holds a tight grip on
     the podium; 

                                jimmy gator 
                      that is not right!  that's not right, 
                      stanley, the answer is...ravel....ravel....
                      ....xhjksndlsmnop.....

     camera whips and pushes over to the floor director. 

                                floor director 
                      what the fuck is wrong with him?
                                (into headseat} 
                      what do you wanna do here, he's
                      fading fast --

                                                                cut to: 

