     int. pharmacy - that moment

     the young pharmacy kid is stacking some stuff away while waiting 
     for the pharmacist to finish filling the perscription. 

                                young pharmacy kid 
                      cats and dogs out there, huh? 

                                linda
                      mmmhmm. 

                                young pharmacy kid 
                      must have alot goin' on for all that 
                      stuff you got back there, eh?  you could 
                      have quite a party all that stuff....

     linda looks down.  hold.  beat. then:

                                young pharmacy kid 
                      you been on prozac long?  dexadrine? 

                                linda 
                      ...i don't....

                                young pharamcy kid 
                      interesting drugs.  dexadrine's basically
                      speed in a pill.  y'know?  but i guess
                      a lot of doctors are balancing out
                      the prozac with the dexadrine, eh? 
                      that liquid morphine'll knock you down,
                      out, around, up and down someone's
                      not careful.....can't mix those up, y'know...
                      ...must have a lot goin' on in your life for
                      all that stuff there. 

     the older pharamacist dings his bell and the young pharmacy kid 
     gets the bag and starts to ring it up.  slow zoom in on linda as
     he babbles away; 

                                young pharamcy kid (oc)
                      strong, strong stuff here, boy...wow....
                      what exactly you have wrong, you need this stuff?

     linda snaps.  she starts to tremble and cry and build --

                                linda 
                      you motherfucker...you motherfucker....
                      you fucking asshole, who the fuck are you? 
                      who the fuck do you think you are?

                                young pharmacy kid 
                      -- what-what-what, ma'am -- i -- 

                                linda 
                      i come in here - you don't know,
                      you don't know who the fuck i am 
                      or what my life is and you have the
                      fucking balls, the indecency to ask
                      me a question about my life --

     linda pushes a large display over on it's side, smashes things on the
     counter, throws things around, basically goes nuts.  the older
     pharamacist comes rushing to the front to try and calm things -- 

                                older pharmacist 
                      please, lady, why don't you just calm down -- 

                                linda 
                      and fuck you too.  don't you call me "lady."
                      i come in with these things, i give it
                      over to you, you doubt, you make your 
                      phone calls, check on me, look suspicious,
                      ask questions, "i'm sick." i have sickness 
                      all around me and you fucking ask me my life? 
                      what's wrong?  have you seen death in your bed
                      in your house?  and where is your fucking 
                      decency?  that i'm asked questions "what's wrong?"
                      you suck my dick, that's what's wrong and you,
                      you fucking call me "lady."  you shame on you.
                      shame on you. shame on both of you.

     she throws a crumpled stack of money at them both, grabs the
     perscription and heads for the door -- 

                                                                cut to:

