129	int -- guard desk/warden's outer office -- day (1955) 129

	dozens of parcel boxes litter the floor. wiley, the duty 
	guard, picks through them. hadley enters, trailed by andy.

				andy 
		what is all this? 

				hadley 
		you tell me, fuck-stick! they're 
		addressed to you, every damn one! 

	wiley thrusts an envelope at andy. andy just stares at it.

				wiley 
		well, take it. 

	andy takes the envelope, pulls out a letter, reads: 

				andy 
		dear mr. dufresne. in response to
		your repeated inquiries, the state
		senate has allocated the enclosed
		funds for your library project... "
			(stunned, examines check) 
		this is two hundred dollars. 

	wiley grins. hadley glares at him. the grin vanishes. 

				andy 
		in addition, the library district
		has generously responded with a
		charitable donation of used books
		and sundries. we trust this will
		fill your needs. we now consider
		the matter closed. please stop
		sending us letters. yours truly,
		the state comptroller's office.

	andy gazes around at the boxes. the riches of the world lay at
	his feet. his eyes mist with emotion at the sight. 

				hadley 
		i want all this cleared out before 
		the warden gets back, i shit you not. 

	hadley exits. andy touches the boxes like a love-struck man
	touching a beautiful woman. wiley grins. 

				wiley 
		good for you, andy. 

				andy 
		only took six years. 
			(beat) 
		from now on, i send two letters a 
		week instead of one. 

				wiley 
			(laughs, shakes his head) 
		i believe you're crazy enough. you 
		better get this stuff downstairs 
		like the captain said. i'm gonna go 
		pinch a loaf. when i get back, this 
		is all gone, right? 

	andy nods. wiley disappears into the toilet, jughead comix in 
	hand. alone now, andy starts going through the boxes like a 
	starving man exploring packages of food. he doesn't know where 
	to turn first. he gets giddy, ripping boxes open and pulling 
	out books, touching them, smelling them. 

	he rips open another box. this one contains an old phonograph
	player, industrial gray and green, the words "portland public
	school district" stenciled on the side. the box also contains
	stacks and stacks of used record albums. 

	andy reverently slips a stack from the box and starts flipping 
	through them. used nat king coles, bing crosbys, etc. 
	he comes across a certain album -- mozart's "le nozze de 
	figaro." he pulls it from the stack, gazing upon it as a man 
	transfixed. it is a thing of beauty. it is the grail. 

