	ext. loading dock platform - reign plaza - continuous

	carter and lee burst out the door at the bottom of the
	stairway -- coming almost face to face with --

	hu li

	who has her gun out.  waiting for them.  isabella is standing
	near by, and zing is visible off to the side.  an 18-wheeler
	in the loading bay is just being shut and locked.  a limo is
	parked beside it.

	lee and carter both assume fighting positions.  when most of
	the other workers pull guns; other triad soldiers step out,
	putting their guns close on lee and carter.  they can't blink
	without getting mowed down.

				hu li
			(in chinese)
		the great chief inspector lee -- i will
		be remembered for ridding the triads of
		your petulance.

	hu li savors the moment.

				carter
		i hope you just said i have no business
		being here, 'cos i was just leaving.

	carter starts to leave, and hu li trains her gun on him,
	freezing him in his tracks.  isabella slowly walks several
	feet, ending up behind lee as she speaks.

				isabella
		hu li, i think there's someone who will
		want to talk to them first.

	hu li looks at isabella, nods an acknowledgement.  bang!  lee
	falls.  isabella's knocked him out from behind with the butt
	of her gun.

	bang!  carter drops to one knee as hu li pounds him across
	the jaw with her fist.

				carter
		...oh, that's a filling right there. 
		that's gonna cost you.

	hu li lunges forward and kicks carter, sending him backwards.

				hu li
		put them in the truck.

	the workers pick up lee, bring him to the back of the truck.

				carter
		i should kill you right now, but i'm
		gonna let you live, 'cause you're fine,
		and maybe you can be reformed.

	the workers start towards carter.  he holds up his hands.

				carter (cont'd)
		no more hitting.  i'll get in the truck
		myself.

	as carter walks towards the truck by hu li, they exchange a
	look of sheer hatred.  as soon as he passes by her, hu li
	coldcocks carter with her gun.

