	int. casino - continuous

	a security guard climbs on the table to level carter when lee
	arrives.  he kicks the guard off and turns to carter, his
	plea muffled.

				carter
		what the hell are you doing with tape on
		your face?

	no time to explain -- two more security guards arrive.  kicks
	and punches fly, but lee can't get hit in the mouth!  he bobs
	and weaves, holding his hands to carter to untie them in
	between swings.  suddenly:

	blam!  blam!  blam!  gunshots from the eye in the sky room.

	everyone hits the deck.  carter and lee dive on to the floor
	as panic ripples through the casino.  people flee for the
	exits.

	the waitress deserts her tray.  it gets knocked over and tips
	on the floor.  the detonator lands feet away from carter.

				carter (cont'd)
		this can't be good.

	lee's eyes bug - he sees it too, feet stampeding past it!  a
	high heel misses it by a fraction of an inch.  he lunges for
	it, manages to cradle it in his taped hands when --

	wham!  he is bumped and it flies away.  the second it hits
	the floor, it is kicked, skittering down the red carpet.

	above...the victor emerges in the eye in the sky room.  hu li
	steps out on the pagoda roof and jumps down.  

	the detonator rolls right past hu li.  as she bends to pick
	up the detonator, lee knows he won't get there in time. 
	horrified, he screams at carter through the tape.

	hu li lifts the detonator.

	carter finally pulls the tape off lee's face.

	lee spits the grenade into the air.

				lee
			(diving on carter)
		bomb!!!

	hu li hits the trigger just as it lands on a roulette table.

	kaboom!

	the table is blown off it's foundation.  chips and cash
	volcano.  hu li is blown backwards by the force of the blast. 
	sheer pandemonium grips the casino.

	as the smoke clears

	carter and lee peer out from behind a row of slot machines. 
	the place is deserted.

				carter
		why didn't you tell me you had a bomb in
		your mouth?

				lee
		i did!

				carter
		no you didn't!

				lee
		yes i did.  i said mmmmmm!

	a hand on carter's arm.  this is serious.
			
						lee (cont'd)
		ricky tan is alive.

				carter
		what?!?!

				lee
		we have to get to the penthouse.

	lee jumps up, sprints toward the elevators at the dragon end
	of the casino.

				carter
		hold on!

	carter stuffs his pockets with chips, then races after lee. 
	but halfway up the carpet.  carter stops.  lee turns to see
	what is holding him up.  

	hu li survived the blast and carter has turned to face her.

				carter (cont'd)
		you go after ricky.  i got this.

				lee
		carter...

				carter
		just go!

	lee turns and runs off past the dragon.  unfortunately, five
	triads block his path.  in a flurry of punches, lee makes
	short work of them, and races toward the elevators.

	dead center on the red carpet - hu li and carter face off!

	each readying in their own manner.  hu li carefully wraps her
	long hair into a bun on top of her head.  carter stretches,
	flexes, ready to sting like a bee.

				carter (cont'd)
		i'm not gonna hold you back this time
		just because you're a woman.  i'm gonna
		pretend you're a man.

	she pulls off her jacket, prepares to fight him in her
	undershirt.

				carter (cont'd)
		a very beautiful man with a perfect body
		who i'd like to take to the movies.

	she takes a sword from a terra cotta statue, swings it around
	like a master.

				carter (cont'd)
		i may have been absent the day we went
		over this in karate class.

	quick, carter reaches for a fighting stick off a terra cotta
	soldier.  whoosh!  she slices it in half.  carter reaches for
	another.  slice!  she's toying with him.

