	int. bones' building - continuous

            inside, the boys huddle in the darkness behind the door,
            waiting for the cops to pass.

            the boys look around the decayed gothic interior lit only by
            the eerie glow of the sodium vapor lights outside.

            what we last saw as the ornate 70's luxury lobby in bones'
            day, is now  a horror show.

            walls torn and stained.  mold grows in patches on the wall
            and ceiling.  huge cobwebs hang.  the furniture's all broken.

            a gnawing tearing sound makes palmer spin: a rat sticks its
            head up through the rotted cushions of the couch.

                                palmer
                      let's get the hell outta here.

            jason shushes him as the room is filled with the flashing
            blue light of the cop car trawling slowly down the street.

            from inside they hear the sounds of a car door slamming and
            cop shoes walking.

                                jason
                      oh fuck, c'mon...

            he gropes his way in the darkness to a staircase.  palmer is
            right behind him as they slip upstairs, deeper into the
            gaping darkness of the abandoned building.

            while below them the door opens and cop lights and cop voices
            penetrate the gloom.

                                older cop
                      ...not going in there.  waste o' time.

                                younger cop
                      i saw 'em go in.

            and from the boys' high vantage point up the stairs we see
            the first cop walk in with flashlight drawn.

            while inside the cop car - close angle

            all we see are two meaty hands unwrapping a wax-paper covered
            pork chop sandwich.  the cop, face in shadow, brings the drip
            ping sandwich up over his huge belly towards his face.

            inside bones' building

            the frat boys hold their breath while rats run across their
            feet.  jason slamming his hand over palmer's mouth to keep
            him from screaming.

            down below

            the young plainsclothes cop steps deeper into the room, and
            shines his flashlight at the stairwell.

            upstairs

            jason pulls the reluctant palmer further up the stairs, to
            the third floor as below them they hear the cop coming up.

            jason pulls palmer through the nearest door and into:

