            int. bones' building - later that day

            in bones' old room, patrick rolls over the faded stained old
            shag carpet with a huge carpet cleaner.

            angle on

            the transparent tubes of the cleaner fill with disgusting red
            fluid and carpet fibers.

                                                            time cut to:

            patrick stands back and surveys his work.  the carpet looks
            perfect.  old, a little faded, but clean.  no stains. 

            with a smile of satisfaction he rolls the cleaner out of the
            room and closes the door behind him.  we remain in the room.

            angle on

            the now clean carpet.  suddenly we see glutinous red liquid
            seeping back up through the shag, until the stain is right
            where it was.  wet and fresh.  then we see it spread and
            move, in the shape of a body and the path by which it was
            dragged out of the room.

            the door opens again, and patrick steps in to show off the
            freshly painted room clean rug to cinnabar and the others. 
            he's brought up short by the sight of the stain.

                                patrick
                      must be something seeping through.  from
                      the floor.

            they roll the carpet back, thinking there must be something
            on the floor.  the floor beneath the carpet is wet too, but
            can't tell if it's from the rug or vice-versa.

            he puts his hand down on the wood.  a low rhythmic rumbling.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      do you feel that?

            the others place their hands on the floor.

                                tia
                      yeah.  it's.  throbbing.

                                bill
                      like a heartbeat.

                                maurice
                      "like a heartbeat/like a love beat." 
                      listen to the di franco twins there. 
                      just the plumbing or something, fool.

                                patrick
                      maybe there's a pipe underneath the
                      floor.  it leaked and stained.

            they just look at him.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      you got a better explanation

