            int. bones' pad - continuous

            shotgun mixes drinks at the bar and hands them to the just
            arrived guests, jeremiah, officer lupovich - looking stiff in
            plain clothes - and eddie mack in his purple suit.

                                jeremiah
                      hey jimmy, you know eddie mack, don't
                      you?

                                bones
                      we met.

                                mack
                      yeah, we used to do the after-school b
                      ball at kenwood.  what it is?

                                bones
                      what it will be.

                                jeremiah
                      and officer lupovich.

            bones says nothing.  just nods at the cop.

                                mack
                      you got a nice crib here.

                                bones
                      i do alright.  everybody's happy.

                                mack
                      but things change.  you gotta think
                      ahead.

                                lupovich
                      they got lotteries all over now, bonesy. 
                      coming here too, maybe next year.

            bones' look sez: bitch, don't call me that again.

                                jeremiah
                      half our old customers are gonna be
                      getting their people to cross state lines
                      to pick up lotto tickets.

                                mack
                      besides, there's more money to be made in
                      the gin than the juice.  what do anybody
                      want with numbers anyway?

                                bones
                      what else?  money.

                                mack
                      it ain't the money - it's the high.  the
                      big fat floating 'what if?'  and it's way
                      more profitable.  nobody ever wins.  so
                      you never have to pay out.

                                bones
                      but a two dollar bet is cheaper than a
                      twenty-dollar bag.

                                mack
                      yeah, but i ain't talking horse.  i'm
                      talking about a five-dollar kick in the
                      head that's a quick ticket to heaven. 
                      and the fools keep coming back for more.

                                bones
                      those 'fools' are my people.

                                mack
                      ain't no big thang.  it's just a po'
                      man's free base.  here, check it out.

            eddie pulls a little rock of crack out.  jimmy takes it in
            his hand and sniffs it.  then shrugs and hands it back.

                                bones
                      i ain't interested.  and if you gonna
                      sell it, don't sell it round here.

                                mack
                      just try it.

                                bones
                      i said, no thanks.

                                mack
                      go on.  it won't kill you.

                                shotgun
                      back off, huggybear...

                                mack
                      it's like this, jimmy.  there's a wave
                      coming.  a big ass krakatoa, east of java
                      wave.  and either you gonna be on top of
                      the wave up there in chocolate heaven, or
                      you gonna be buried 'neath the muddy
                      undertow.

                                bones
                      that's cool.  totally wide-screen sci-fi. 
                      forward thinking.  i respect that.  but
                      that ain't my life.  i'm here and now. 
                      comfortable as a bed bug on a cold night
                      in a warm nappy dugout.  i'm maintaining. 
                      that's what it's about for me.  and your
                      twelve and a half-minutes is up.

            jimmy just walks away from him.  meeting over.  eddie and
            lupovich and jeremiah all look at each other, frustrated.

                                mack
                      fine.  let's go, loopy-lou.  jimmy ain't
                      into it.  gonna skip the money train and
                      take the bus.  his loss.

            lupovich turns but then spins back around with a .45 in his
            hand and it's pointed at jimmy's forehead.  jeremiah didn't
            expect this - or did he?

                                jeremiah
                      everybody just be cool.  jimmy, man, i
                      think you oughtta hear the deal.

                                bones
                      i don't need to hear the deal.  i don't
                      need any partners.  i don't need new
                      product.  and i sure as hell don't need
                      this motherfucker's 'mattie in my face.

                                mack
                      just try it, jimmy.  that's all...

            he hands him the rock.  and a little pipe.

                                lupovich
                      you heard the man.  try it.

            bones keeps his eye on him as he lights the lighter and takes
            a deep puff.  then lets out a deep cloud of smoke.

            his eyes go a bit glazed.  and from his pov we see the room
            start to tilt on its axis as everything goes wobbly.

            just then, the door opens and pearl steps in, distracting
            lupovich for an instant.

            in one eternal crack fueled fast-and-slo-mo second: jimmy
            sees his chance, he pulls his razor, but too slow --

            lupovich turns, the razor no more than lightly slices his
            arm, and he pulls the trigger on jimmy bones...

            pumping three shots into jimmy's abdomen, knocking him to the
            ground.  shotgun grabs his gun, but too late.  he's covered.

                                mack
                      ain't worth it, blood.  just drop it. 
                      and kick it here.

            pearl in screaming shock.  her lover bleeding on the carpet.

                                lupovich
                      tell her to stop screaming.

            bones is bleeding, and still tripping bad.

                                lupovich (cont'd)
                      i said stop that bitch screaming or i'll
                      spread her like butter.

            shotgun gently puts his hand on pearl's mouth to quiet her.  

            back in bones' fucked-up pov:

            looking down he sees his own blood pouring out, a thick
            divine river of many colors.  looking up, they all stand
            wavering above him, hungry demons, their voices distorting.

                                lupovich (cont'd)
                      get his razor.  i ain't gonna be the only
                      one with this nigger's blood on my hands.

            mack plucks bone's silver razor right out of his hands.

                                lupovich (cont'd)
                      take the gloves off.  everybody leaves a
                      print.  we hang out together.  or we hang
                      separately.  cut him.  and cut him good.

            eddie pulls his glove off and enjoys himself as he shoves the
            razor into jimmy.

                                mack
                      what it is?  what it will be, muthafucka.

                                lupovich
                      now you.

                                jeremiah
                      no way man...

                                lupovich
                      you cut him, or i shoot you.  make your
                      choice.

            jeremiah gets down near bones.  bones stares right into his
            eyes, as his life blood pours freely, weakly lifts his arm to
            his best friend's face.

                                bones
                      jay bird...help me...like brothers.

            jeremiah feels lupovich's gun behind his head.  hears it
            cocked.

                                jeremiah
                      sorry, my brother.

                                bones
                      since we was just grasshoppers...

                                jeremiah
                      you always told me, it's a dog eat dog
                      world.

            and he thrusts bones' razor right between the ribs.  bones'
            eyes tighten, but never lose their lock on jeremiah's eyes. 
            his mouth moves as if he's trying to speak.  instead, he
            spits a bog of blood right into jeremiah's face.

            a shaken jeremiah hands the bloody razor to shotgun.

                                jeremiah (cont'd)
                      just do it.  he won't even feel it.

            bones' eyes bore into shotgun's.  shotgun hesitates.  eyeing
            his gun on the floor, feeling the one on the back of his neck
            -- calculating his chances.

            then shotgun slices him.  bones flinches, he definitely still
            feels it.  shotgun hands the razor back to eddie.

                                lupovich
                      now you, girlie.

                                pearl
                      i won't.

                                lupovich
                      same deal all around.  or die with him.

            she takes the razor and slowly kneels beside her dying lover. 
            her hands trembling.  there's no way she can do it.  lupovich
            brings the gun to the back of her head.

                                pearl
                      i can't.  i won't.  go ahead.  shoot me. 
                      i'll be better off.

            bones reaches one hand round the back of her neck, weakly
            storking her there... and with his other hand, bones takes
            her wrists and pulls her hand towards him, burying his razor
            in his heart.  his eyes roll back and his hand falls away and
            he's gone.

            she drops her hand from the razor which remains sticking out
            of his chest, a river of blood pouring from around it.

            bones pov

            as his spirit rises and rises, up to the ceiling, looking
            down on them as they stand watching his body bleed to death.

            pearl just stands there completely covered in his blood. 
            then in a frantic daze tears her dress off.  jeremiah gently
            takes her bloody dress.

            from above, bones can hear them speaking below, but it's as
            if they were speaking far away.

                                jeremiah
                      too risky to take him outside.  take him
                      down to the storm cellar and bury him. 
                      and get rid of this too.
                          (tosses pearl's bloody dress)
                      let this whole damn building be his tomb.

            shotgun and lupovich drag bones' body out of the room,
            leaving behind a deep wet blood stain in the shag carpet.

            bones pov

            as he stares down in horror at all this.  above him, it seems
            he can see right through the ceiling to the night sky, and a
            swirling light opening above his head.

            now his pov

            is floating upward towards the light, but then he looks

                                                               back down

            staring down at the sight of his body in a deep puddle of
            blood, and his murderers removing his woman's dress covered
            with is blood.  as he sees this, his (and ours) pov changes,
            becomes darker, yet clearer; too sharp, razor sharp as some
            softness, perhaps life itself, drains out of it.  bones sees
            his best friend jeremiah and lupovich together dragging his
            body out the door, leaving a thick wet stain behind him.

            we can hear jimmy's last wail of rage twist and distorts in
            the air, becoming another deeper voice within the voice...
            and then he (and we) plunge back down to the ground, right to
            the dark, wet stain in the carpet...

            hit it and go down through an instant's glimpse into the
            black sea beneath the foundation of the world:

            necropolis.  where space itself seems to be made of pale
            bloated, gnawing, writhing things.  bodies perpetually
            devouring themselves and each other.

            we see through this dog-eat-dog nightmare, back out through
            the blood stain as through a key hole slowly closing.
			
this portion of the screenplay contains scenes that do not 
appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie.  in order to maintain the 
integrity of the screenplay, it has not been edited.

