            int. the building - that night

            upstairs, inside what was once bones' bedroom.  beneath the
            cracked ceiling mirror, bill lies on the airmattress.  he's
            listening with headphones to a minidisk player.

            eyes closed, head nodding to the beat.  around him, we see
            something strange.  the room shifts.

            it's the same room.  but changed.  it looks like it did when
            the frat boys were trapped in here.  or in the instant after
            jimmy's death: all surfaces seem to be a swirling, shifting
            pattern in which we can dimly make out faces, as if people
            were trapped on the surface of things.

            then the faces and bodies begin to step out of their surfaces
            and into the room.  

            so as bill, eyes still closed, rocks to the hypnotic beats in
            his headphones, we see the room around him begin to fill with
            figures.

            -- all twisted dead human forms emerging out of the surfaces
            of floor and walls.  we hear a low murmur of ghost voices,
            different languages.

            and as the track ends, the sound cuts through bill's
            headphones and his eyes snap open.

            but the room is empty.  and completely normal.  bill pulls
            off his head phones.  ears strain to listen.

                                bill
                      tia?  patrick?  that you?

            the sounds return, fainter, and form above.  bill looks up,
            and for a fraction of a second in the mirror, bill sees the
            crowded eerie hell of the other version of the room.

            bill jolts out of bed and to the door, whips it open, and
            someone dark looms right there.  but it's just patrick.

                                bill (cont'd)
                      shit.

                                patrick
                      spooked?

            bill looks back into the room, normal now.  glances up at the
            mirror, just a cracked reflection of the empty room.

                                bill
                      no.  well, yeah.  maybe just a little.

                                patrick
                      yeah, there is a strange vibe here.

            he stops.  both brothers look at each other, waiting for the
            other to admit he's seen or felt something's here.

                                bill
                      where's the others?

                                patrick
                      maurice left.  tia's taking a bath.
					  
