            ext. blackstone - continuous

            they park and get out.  he looks up and down the street,
            oddly frightened.

                                patrick
                      i bet you didn't even know your bank
                      owned the place.  i did it through a
                      broker so you wouldn't know it was me. 
                      i couldn't wait to see your face when i
                      fixed it up.

            it's the building.  freshly painted, with the neon sign.  but
            jeremiah's face shows nothing like what patrick expected. 
            nothing but a horrified, angry disgust.

                                jeremiah
                      is this some kind of sick joke?

            jeremiah's so angry he almost smacks patrick.

                                jeremiah (cont'd)
                      listen to me, boy.  i didn't work all my
                      life to get out of this neighborhood for
                      you to move right back in!

                                patrick
                      i thought you'd be psyched.  just trying
                      to do what you did.  take nothing and
                      make something out of it.

                                jeremiah
                      no one'll ever come here.  shut it down. 
                      don't worry, the bank'll buy it back. 
                      i'll take care of it.

                                patrick
                      you'll take care of it?  not this time. 
                      no way.  i bought it fair and square. 
                      and we open tonight.

                                jeremiah
                      bullshit!  bullshit!!  you're selling it
                      back!  that's an order!

            jeremiah is furious out of all proportions.  some of the
            others on the block have stuck their noses out to see what
            the fuss is.  then jeremiah comes eye to eye with pearl,
            standing across the street, watching, worried out of her
            mind.
			
			then he looks up and sees shotgun in the window.  feeling
            trapped, humiliated.  he wants out of this street.  out of
            those glances.

                                jeremiah (cont'd)
                      you all are coming back to the house,
                      now!

            nobody moves.  jeremiah walks back to his car and pulls away. 
            patrick, frozen, turned to stone by rage and hurt and shame.

            another car pulls up.  several young people inside.  they
            look around a little dubiously.

                                clubber
                      man, i think we're lost.  you guys know
                      where illibent is?

            they all look at each other.  silent.  until maurice answers
            by flipping a switch igniting the neon sign for the first
            time.  

            illibent shines in brilliant blue gas letters.
			
this portion of the screenplay contains scenes that do not 
appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie.  in order to maintain the 
integrity of the screenplay, it has not been edited.

            down the block - later

            the deuce and a quarter stops in front of a storefront.  a
            young nefertiti in platforms and dashiki picks fresh fruit
            and vegetables from the small grocery.  pearl vaughn.

                                bones
                      pull over.  i'll walk the rest.

            pearl's picking ripe fruit.  jimmy steps in, catches her
            hands, and the melon in them, in his hands.

                                bones (cont'd)
                      naw, all wrong.  first, start at the
                      belly button.

            he strokes his thumb over the end of the cantaloupe, leaning
            in to her.

                                bones (cont'd)
                      gotta be an in-ey and gotta be smooth. 
                      if it's ragged, it was picked too soon. 
                      won't ever be ripe.  second, it's got to
                      have just a little give, here.  
                          (his hands on her hips)
                      at the edges.  and last, but not very far
                      from least...
                          (now only a breath apart)
                      you gotta get your nose in it and give it
                      a gooooood, looooong sniff.

                                pearl
                      i don't know whether to chill you and
                      serve with cottage cheese, or rip you
                      open and eat you right here.

            she chooses the latter, they kiss.

