            ext. bones' building - continuous

            across the street, shotgun sees the boys in the doorway. 
            then, as a nearly dead vapor light suddenly flickers and
            comes to life, the shadows created on bones' building make it
            look almost like a demonic face.

            gulping for air, laughing hysterically at their survival, the
            frat boys pause.  jason sits back on his butt, checking his
            wound.  the doorway behind them just a black hole in space.

                                palmer
                          (bumping fists together)
                      damn, bro.  that was close!

            then suddenly

            something - it happens so fast we're not sure just what grabs
            sucks-pulls palmer back into the black doorway hole.

            jason, still prone, tries to crawl away but whatever got his
            friend now sucks him in too.  his fingernails scraping along
            the stoop in frenzied desperation.

            with shotgun

            when he hears the boys pitiful screams and whimpers from
            across the street, he leaps to his feet and tries to see into
            the dark of the doorway across the street.  but he can only
            hear what is happening to the unlucky frat fellas:

            moans and the sound of flesh torn, and swallowed, and their
            last dying screams.

            up and down the block

            the screaming reverberates.  faces appear in some windows. 
            while in others, shades are drawn and the lights go out...

            back with shotgun

            mumbling to himself:

                                shotgun
                      "for outside are dogs and sorcerers..."
                      revelation 22, vs. 15.

            tears welling in his eyes that he angrily flicks away.

            looking at the building

            it still has the shadowy look/shape of jimmy bones, now
            shifting again as the vapor light on the street sputters out
            again, plunging the street into near darkness.  the body of
            palmer no longer visible below.

            when he looks back, the building seems just an old building
            again.  then there's movement in an upper window, catching
            his eye.  shotgun sees the tall, shadowy silhouette.

            the figure is elongated, can't tell if it is a man, or the
            distorted shadow of a man.  it beckons to shotgun.

            shotgun

            just tightens his grip on his rifle and speaks as if the
            shadowy thing across the street could hear him.

                                shotgun (cont'd)
                      you still mad?  still want me?  come on
                      and get me.

            the shadow

            shakes its head.  as if it can hear him.  and again mutely
            beckons to him.

            on shotgun

                                shotgun (cont'd)
                      oh, right.  you can't.  you're trapped
                      there.  well ain't that too bad.  ain't
                      that just too damn bad.
					  
 this portion of the screenplay is originally pages 1-2.  it is presented 
out of order to reflect the final film.  

fade in:

