           int. stairs - continuous

            mia, bill and maurice all climb the stairs as maurice lights
            a joint with a little box of stick matches.

                                bill
                      are you nuts?

                                maurice
                      the man said just to use my imagination.  
                          (takes a huge hit)
                      let's see...yeah, i get it.  potential. 
                      i can see it now.  the first major urban
                      theme park.  village ghetto land. 
                      kinda like legoland, but made entirely
                      from broken glass, hypodermic needles and
                      crack vials.  totally e-ticket.

                                bill
                      keep smokin', fool.

            tia checks out the second floor while bill and maurice
            continue up the stairs to the third floor.  bones' old crib.

            with bill and maurice

            behind them, barely subliminal glimpse - a manshaped darker
            shadow within a shadow.  bill feels a cold wind from nowhere. 
            and hears a whispery sound seemingly carried in the breeze.

                                hollow echoes
                      it ain't eh money.  it's the big fat
                      floating what if...

                                bill
                      what did you say?

                                maurice
                      i didn't say nothing.

                                hollow echoes
                      take him down to the storm clear.  bury
                      him.

                                bill
                      you didn't hear that?  "take him... "
                      something.  "bury him" or...

                                maurice
                      take who where?  what you smokin'?

            below on the second floor

            tia's checking out a bedroom.  hears a light tinkling in a
            closet.  she opens it: empty except a row of rusty metal
            hangers, holding the moldy remains of bones old suits.

            downstairs in the basement - patrick

            is there a flashlight, poking around.  trying to find the
            metal knob to turn on the gas.  eerie as hell down there.

            out of the corner of our eyes we see a shadow moving,
            looming.  a scurrying sound and patrick turns his flashlight
            in the other direction: we glimpse a bloated rat.

            behind him, the shadow we glimpsed grows, elongates.  patrick
            notes another door.  this one padlocked.  sensing someone or
            something behind him, patrick turns with the flashlight.

            nothing there.  but the bones-shadow is behind him again. 
            again he feels something and again he turns the flashlight
            around: nothing.

            except the bones-shadow is again...behind him.

            shaking it off, patrick heads for the old heater, pulling out
            matches to light the pilot as bones-shadow stays behind him.

            bones pov

            bones watches as patrick reaches around the gas heater.  when
            patrick strikes a match head, the bones-shadow moves even
            closer to him as patrick reaches in and lights the pilot.

            when patrick steps back, bones-shadow grows and stretches,
            spreading like an ink stain, reaching across to where the
            pilot flame flickers.

            in profile, the shadow-mouth blows...but no breath comes out. 
            the flame doesn't even flicker.

            bones tilts his head back and lets loose an eerie bellow of
            frustration in a subliminal flash we see a howling mouth,
            bigger than any human mouth, howling within the shadow-face.

            the sound echoes all through the basement rooms as patrick
            walks back upstairs.  he slaps a nearby plumbing pipe.

                                patrick
                      go on old pipes, groan all you like. 
                      just please don't burst.  that i can't
                      afford.

            follow with bones pov

            as disappointed in whatever he hoped blowing out the furnace
            pilot would do, he steps into the rusted remains of the old
            elevator and the pov begins to levitate.

