            int. the necropolis - continuous

            a distorted m.c. escher-like feel to the place.  where up
            seems to be down, down up, and left is right.  not helped by
            behind only lit by the eerie flickering gaseous lamps
            outside, and the moonlight falling through the skylight.

            then, slowly through the gloom, they begin to perceive that
            the walls are clotted and congealed, teratomic masses of
            distorted flesh; faces, limbs, eyes, mouths, all trapped -
            all contorted in agony.  at first they seem to be frozen in
            the walls, like the ruins of herculaneum.  but then we see --

            they are slowly writhing, moving.  hands grasping, teeth and
            rotted jaws widening, and worst of all, the eyes staring out.

                                patrick
                      is this hell?

                                bill
                          (gripping the gun)
                      or just hell-adjacent...

                                cinnabar
                      ain't no heaven.  ain't no hell.  there's
                      just the world of the dead, my momma
                      always talked about.  like she said, the
                      door is open, and we're seeing right
                      through our world into this one.  we just
                      have to remember what was really here. 
                      and follow it.  those stairs should take
                      us to the second floor.

            as they approach the stairs they can hear faintly above the
            drone/moan of the dead, the soft music playing in bones'
            crib.

            angle as

            they start up the stairs into the darkness.  patrick first,
            cinnabar in between him and bill.  patrick still holding his
            flashlight, but it's starting to flicker a little.

            more of the same horror along the stairway walls, eyes
            looking at them, hands caress cinnabar's hair, another hand
            shooting up from the stair floor and grabbing bill's thigh. 
            bill stabs the hand with the knife on his belt.  and the
            hands shoot back down.

            back in bones' crib

            the munch-like dance of death goes on, bones stroking the
            back of her neck.

                                bones
                      just like i told you this morning, i'd be
                      stroking your neck tonight.

            pearl absolutely lost.

            back on the stairs

            the three still ascending when patrick's flashlight suddenly
            cuts out.  total darkness.

                                patrick
                      shit.

            a faint sound: patrick shaking the flashlight.  nothing but
            the sound of breathing, both human and non-human.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      thing worked fine a minute ago. 
                      batteries were brand new -- 

            then as suddenly as it went out, the flashlight comes back
            on, illuminating a horrible sight: maurice.  standing right
            there, a few feet in front of them.

                                bill
                      maurice!

            maurice puts a finger to his lips and beckons them to follow. 
            the boys want it to be maurice.  but cinnabar knows better.

                                cinnabar
                      that's not maurice --

            but with the beam of the flickering flashlight, they follow
            the shadowy figure up the steps.

            then maurice gets a bit to far ahead, and they can't see him
            for a beat.

                                patrick
                      maurice.  hold up, man.

            then after a silent beat, just maurice's hand appears back
            out of the darkness, beckoning them onward.  then the
            flashlight cuts out again.  they're back in the darkness.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                          (as he shakes the flashlight)
                      okay, we're on the second floor.  i feel
                      it.  no more steps.

            the sound of patrick cursing and shaking the batteries around
            in the torch.  eventually it comes on again.

            up ahead, they still barely see maurice, his back to them,
            face in one quarter profile, leading them towards the next
            flight of stairs at the end of the hall.

            they follow.  closer and closer to the stairs, maurice going
            eerily in and out of their vision.  the flashlight dies
            again.

            darkness.  patrick shakes it and it comes back quickly.  then
            just as quickly dies again!  a shake and it's lit again --
            just as bill is stepping into the corner where maurice
            disappeared.

            flickering horror

            as the dog leaps at them from the corner, all teeth and
            slavering jaws!  everyone scrambles for their lives, and the
            flashlight falls to the floor.

            low angle from the floor - just behind the flashlight

            we see the skewed horror: as the dog tears at bill, as his
            gun skitters across the floor; as patrick grabs the gun and
            fires, and we get a bit more illumination from the exploding
            gunpowder.  but it does no good.

            bill screams in terror as he's torn to pieces, and then the
            flashlight goes out and again, we're in stygian darkness. 
            the sound of bill dying and a long silence.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      bill?!  cinnabar?  cinnabar?!

            no answer.  at first.  finally in husky voice:

                                cinnabar
                      i'm here.

                                patrick
                      bill!  bill?!

                                cinnabar
                      patrick, he's...

                                patrick
                      okay, okay.  listen:

            from somewhere comes the sound of the music from bones' crib.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      here, find my hand.  the stairs are right
                      near here.  i saw them.  let's just walk
                      up there.

                                cinnabar
                      i can't find you.

                                patrick
                      here!

            silence.  as we expect the worse, expect something else to
            take her hand.  but then:

                                cinnabar
                      is that you?

            pause -- the music from bones' crib still beckons to them.

                                patrick
                      yeah.  come on.  don't let go.

            we're in near total darkness as they climb the stairs, maybe
            a bit of moonlight now coming in from the roofless third
            floor they're approaching.  all we can hear is their
            footsteps and their breathing as they walk the rest of the
            way up the stairs and emerge into:

            bones' crib - their pov

            both amazed to see pearl as young and beautiful as cinnabar
            is, clinging to the dashing jimmy dancing to the spectral
            sounds of some soul classic from back in the day.  cinnabar
            entranced by the vision.

            angle as

            pearl opens her dreaming eyes and sees them, smiling and
            beckoning cinnabar to come join her.  cinnabar begins to.

            patrick watches her until he hears something o.s. calling to
            him.  it sounds a million miles away and yet right in his
            ear.  and it sounds like jeremiah.

                                jeremiah
                      paaatrick...
					  
this portion of the screenplay contains scenes that do not 
appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie.  in order to maintain the 
integrity of the screenplay, it has not been edited.

            patrick's pov

            he turns and looks at the wall -- subtly surging from beneath
            the surface of the wall he sees flashes of faces and hands,
            mouths twisted in torment.  he moves to the wall, drawn by
            the strange sight and the recurring sound...

                                jeremiah (cont'd)
                          (as if a million miles away)
                      patrick.  help me.

            it's coming from within the wall. 

            intercutting

            now, while cinnabar is advancing towards her mother and
            father across the room --

            patrick, at the wall, tries to place his ear near it in order
            to hear where the voice is coming from.

            while cinnabar is now within bones' reach.  pearl steps back
            to allow jimmy to embrace cinnabar.  they're reunited.

                                bones
                      welcome home, baby girl.

            pearl watches as bones caresses his daughter's cheek. 
            patrick now close to the wall -- trying to hear the faint
            voice calling to him.

                                jeremiah
                      please...help me...

                                patrick
                      dad?

            suddenly something enormous presses out from the wall. 
            patrick stumbles back as his father's head and torso press
            out from the wall, stretched in straining effort.

                                jeremiah
                      help me.  i'm so sorry.  but please, help
                      me...

                                patrick
                      daddy?

            jeremiah, or what he's become embedded into the wall, his
            face stretched, mouth huge and hollow eyes dripping bloody
            tears.

                                jeremiah
                      please.  help me.  i'm scared.

            patrick in anguish.

                                jeremiah (cont'd)
                      it hurts.  i don't want to spend forever
                      like this.

            jeremiah's arm reaches out from the wall, grasping towards
            patrick, who reaches out to his father -- 

            when suddenly with frightening speed jeremiah grabs it, and
            wrenches patrick to him, pulling patrick flush up against the
            wall, even starting to suck him in to the wall.

                                patrick
                      no!!!

            as patrick struggles and writhes and twists to get free from
            his father's grasp, he can see back across the room to the
            others.  he sees the room as it really is - he can see what's
            really happening.

            pearl, not in a new dress, but in a horrible tattered, blood
            encrusted old dress, standing next to a rotting cadaver
            that's stroking cinnabar's cheek and holding her close...

            jeremiah pulling patrick into the wall, into the necropolis
            itself.  patrick, though, just as concerned with cinnabar as
            with himself, yelling at her across the crib.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      cinnabar!  stop!

            but cinnabar doesn't even turn her head.  she just steps into
            her father's embrace.  but pearl does seem to hear something.

            she looks back at patrick, beneath the illusion of the room
            she sees him being pulled into the awful wall, and can hear
            him more clearly now.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      no!  cinnabar, no!!!!

            slowly, pearl turns and looks into the mirror and she gets a
            full-length view of herself: a woman in ruined tatters of her
            old, rotted dress.

            then, coming into her view in the mirror is her only daughter
            -- dancing with a decayed corpse.

                                pearl
                      noooooo!

            pearl whirls and rips cinnabar away from bones, who at first
            sort of chuckles to himself.  but he stops laughing when
            pearl grabs the nearest candle and presses the flame to her
            breast.  in a terrible whoosh, the dried old dress and pearl
            are engulfed in flames.

                                bones
                      noooooooooo!!!!!

            bones runs to pearl and throws his arms around her, trying to
            smother the flames any way he can.

                                pearl
                          (to patrick and cinnabar)
                      get out!!!  go!!!

            cinnabar in a shattered daze on the floor, sees her mother in
            flames.

            patrick desperately tries to escape his father's death grip. 
            finally, with horrible sound, patrick wrestles free from the
            wall, and from his father.

            he lurches free from them and makes it over to cinnabar and
            drags her out the door just as the room dissolves around
            them.  as the flames destroy the dress and the last vestiges
            of bones' blood on it, the room begins to turn to ash.

            an eerie wind from nowhere begins to howl, blowing the ash
            and smoke from the dress and from the dissolving walls.

            cinnabar taking one last glance at the funeral pyre that was
            her mother and bones now, too, sees them almost lost in a
            shroud of flame and ash.

            angle as

            patrick and cinnabar run down the corridor and back down the
            stairs, the moon overhead and the flames from bones crib
            giving everything a flickering hellish cat.

            everything behind and above them crumbling to dust.  the
            floor and then the stairs and all the howling bodies trapped
            inside.  

            on the first floor

            they reach the open elevator shaft.

                                patrick
                      we gotta jump!

                                cinnabar
                      i can't!

            everything around them rumbling and crumbling.

                                patrick
                      we have to!

            patrick jumps and lands in the muddy ashes, dazed but unhurt.

            looking up

            he sees cinnabar peering over the edge in fear.  then, behind
            her, he can hear a low rumbling growl.  he sees cinnabar turn
            and scream --

            ashes and falling debris then temporarily blind hen he wipes
            his eyes and looks up, cinnabar is gone from view.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      cinnabar!  where are you!?

            he immediately climbs back up the shaft when he sees cinnabar
            standing at the edge of the shaft above him.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      cinn!  jump!!

            and she jumps, landing right next to patrick, who quickly
            gets her to her feet.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      let's go!!!

            they run out of the shaft and into the sub-basement just as
            the elevator and shaft dissolve into ash.

            a hurricane wind blowing down and out of the shaft now. 
            mixed with the sound of all the screaming, moaning souls in
            the necropolis.

            patrick in a fury to live tears away the boards and debris
            blocking the exit.  

            he pulls cinnabar out with him and they walk up the cellar
            stairs, step into the dawn, weary, beaten down but not dead.

