            int. jimmy's old pad - same

            from upstairs, the boys see the blue light of the cop car
            recede as the car pulls away down below.

            palmer reaches for the door.  he wants out.  but in the
            darkness, he can't find the door.

                                palmer
                      gimme some light.

            behind jason we see a shape, a shadow, a tall silhouette, a
            man-shaped deeper darkness forming within the darkness.

            jason lights his lighter.  and in the flickering we see
            behind him that this room now contains a portion of hell:

            it's not just the chipped paint and peeled rotted wall paper,
            or the cracks and gaps in the broken old ceiling mirror.

            all surfaces seem to be a swirling, shifting pattern in which
            we can dimly and subliminally make out faces as if people
            were trapped on the surface of things.  exactly like the
            glimpse we had beneath the world when jimmy died...

            the floor, the walls, the furniture, everything in it -- made
            out of the wracked and twisted devouring and devoured forms
            of dead souls.  their faces, hollow pleading eyes and howling
            mouths visible like flowing grain in wood.

            and in the center of it all stands the dark silhouette of
            bones, impossibly tall and thin, stretching malevolently out
            across the room like a living shadow.

            but the boys don't see this as they're finding the door.  we
            see bones shadow arching towards them while they fumble.

            palmer finally opens the door to the sound of a deep rumbling
            growl from the darkness on the other side.  and in the open
            door stands the black dog.

            they boys jump back.  but breathes easy.

                                palmer (cont'd)
                      just a dog...

            and the black dog leaps up at them -- teeth flying right for
            the boys' throats.  and in the flickering ghastly light we
            see its demon face breaking through.

            the dog sinks his long teeth into jason's arm.  he flails and
            drops his lighter, still lit, on the floor.

            as soon as he does, the dog releases jason, and disappears as
            fast as it appeared, back into the darkness.

            the two kids panic, jason shaking and bleeding, looking
            around, waiting for the dog or something else to attack,
            seeing back through the doorway into the room from hell.

            behind them we see that tall man-shaped shadow.  the bones
            shadow is oblivious to the two frantic boys, intent only on
            the small flickering flame of the lighter still burning where
            it fell against the lower wood paneling of the wall.

            a thin trail of black smoke as the flame barely begins to
            catch on the chipped lead-filled flammable paint.

            the boys run

            and stumble down the hall away from the horror, while back in
            the room the bones-shadow watches as the lighter flickers and
            dies out.  other than a slightly blackened spot, the wall is
            unburned.

            the black shadow shudders in rage, arches back and hooooowls
            in frustration, its mouth abnormally large.  the shadowy head
            snaps in the direction of the boys -- ready to vent it's
            wrath, and for a subliminal second we see in the head, the
            hellish face of jimmy bones.

            the boys round the second floor landing and fly down the last
            flight of stairs. 
            jason's foot breaks through a rotted floorboard and for a
            second, it appears as though rotten hands are just below the
            stairs, grabbing at his foot and leg.

            he yelps in terror, pulling his foot back as they continue
            towards the front door, the bones-thing's woofer-busting howl
            roaring down from the third floor.

            the sheer infinite adrenaline rush

            of pure horror and the desperation to survive drags the boys
            off the stairs as they tear across the floor and hurl
            themselves out the front door into the night air... jason
            falling and lying on the stoop.

