            ext. blackstone street - night

            that night we see a walking shadow.  the long tall black clad
            bones.  heading down his old block.  alone.

            as he moves, his face changes, at times demonic and intent. 
            but periodically that shifts as if a mask slipping off to
            reveal a similar but different face below.  more human, lost,
            pained, confused, and we see why:

            from bones' fucked up undead pov:

            the dark and desolate street he walks down keeps flashing for
            brief instants into the street of twenty years ago.

            one moment, people nodding to him, waving, blowing kisses.
            and then suddenly, it's the empty burnt block it is now.

            bones' face shifts, cracking, one second the hungry ghost. 
            the next, he's the old bones who once ruled this 'hood.

            he sees, down the block, the old palmistry sign.  it's
            pearl's place.  for a second, the face of the real jimmy
            bones triumphs and he smiles.  then hears voices behind him.

            stank and weaze.  they see a tall, thin figure in some very
            fine looking, long duster.

                                stank
                      looking to score?

                                bones
                      unh-unh, little brother.  i got a natural
                      high.  a supernatural high.

                                stank
                      hey, eddie mack don't like no wackos on
                      his street.  go be rain man on some other
                      bitch's block.

                                bones
                          (sorta singing)
                      big bad eddie mack?  got shit for brains
                      and that's a fack.  hey-heh...

                                weaze
                      yeah.  but he got a baaaad coat.  whataya
                      say, bro?  i check out your coat?

                                bones
                      sure.  here it is.

            suddenly, out from the depths of his shadow, flies the edge
            of bones' razor and the blade slashes stank in the face. 
            cutting a sideways, smart aleck smile in his cheek.

            weaze pulls a gun and shoots bones.  bones jolts a little as
            the bullet imbeds itself in his stomach.  but he takes it
            like a punch and looks up.

                                bones (cont'd)
                      cut that shit out.

            he grabs one of the boys in each long hand and hoists them up
            to his height and pins them against the wall.

                                bones (cont'd)
                      you tell my old friend mackie, i'll be
                      seeing him.  soon.  real soon.

                                stank
                      wh-wh-whooo?

                                bones
                      bones.
					  
this portion of the screenplay contains scenes that do not 
appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie.  in order to maintain the 
integrity of the screenplay, it has not been edited.

