			int. the peet dining room - later

            around the table, chinese food containers.  tia's still
            sneaking meat to the dog under the table.  the tv on in the
            corner.

            jeremiah's topping off his dinner with xantac -- high blood
            pressure medicine.  his normal dyspeptic mood not improved by
            the conversation the kids are having.

                                patrick
                      and how do you think crack got into the
                      ghetto?  by magic?  who flew it in?  like
                      the man said "we don't own that many
                      planes."

            jeremiah increasingly uncomfortable with the subject matter.

                                jeremiah
                      don't poison your mind with that ghetto
                      paranoia.  that's all just ways of people
                      justifying their own failure.

                                bill
                      dad, the man has been lying to us for a
                      hundred years.  i mean, where is my forty
                      acres and a mule?

                                jeremiah
                      you wouldn't know a mule if it bit you in
                      the ass. 
                      and personally, i don't need a mule.  i
                      got a lexus.  and nobody gave it to me --

                                tv anchor
                          (on tv)
                      there's a lead tonight in the strange
                      disappearance of those two state college
                      fraternity brothers.  there car, a 1999
                      bmw, was found abandoned this afternoon
                      in an inner-city neighborhood.

            on tv

            we see flashes on the news of various streets of the hood,
            including a shot of bones block and building.
			
this portion of the screenplay is originally pages 61-64.  it is presented 
out of order to reflect the final film.  			
		
