            int. slaughterhouse building - continuous

            the room, large and open, soaked in the sodium vapor that
            streams through the tall windows from the streetlights.

            there are a few blood rusted meat hooks still there, backlit,
            hanging from the ceiling.  graffiti covers the walls with
            arcane tags and symbols.  the floors are caked with a sticky
            grime turned black in the orange haze.

            in the far corner burn three red votive candles.  behind the
            candles lies a crumpled brown paper bag.  the stash.

            lupovich starts over to the corner, twitching at the gross
            sound of his shoes sticking to the layers of old coagulated
            blood on the killing floor.

            behind him, framed for an instant int he doorway - a tall,
            sharp shadow, a walking razor - bones!

            the walk is tense.  somehow the music has followed him here
            and is echoing and wailing in the walls around him.  he gets
            to the corner, and reaching over the candles, opens the top
            of the paper bag.  jackpot.  five ziplocks of the rocks.

            he hears a noise.  lupovich fumbles for his gun and at the
            same time reaches to snatch the stash bag.  his wrist touches
            the candles flame and it burns.

                                lupovich
                      shit!  fuck!

            he hears another noise, a blade scraping on concrete, right
            behind him.  now the music blends with the echoing squeals of
            the hogs once butchered on the cutting line.

            lupovich hears another noise, a blade scraping on concrete,
            right behind him.  now the music blends with the echoing
            squeals of the hogs once butchered on the cutting line.

            lupovich turns and there, towering over him, stands bones. 
            and just as startling, there's mack's laughing severed head
            swinging from his belt.

            lupovich can only choke on his terror, and while his mouth is
            open, bones shoves a glass pipe into it.

            brandishing his razor, bones packs a rock into the bowl and
            torches it.  he holds the razor to lupovich's throat.

                                bones
                          (in mack's voice)
                      "just try it...go ahead...it won't kill
                      you."

            lupovich, trembling, takes a massive hit of the crack deep
            into his lungs.  the music and the sounds of the dying pigs
            attack him as the coke fills his lungs and then his blood and
            then his brain, his eyes starting to bug.

            bones then knocks the pipe from his lips and seals his hand
            over lupovich's mouth and nose.  he can't exhale.  the sounds
            get louder, the grafted walls come alive.

            bones removes his hand revealing lupovich's nose is fused
            shut, and his mouth is simply gone, the skin flat where the
            mouth used to be.

            lupovich's gotta lung full of crack, and no way to exhale. 
            severed mack laughs insanely as he sees lupovich's eyes bulge
            as his lungs start to strain under the agony.

            his frenzied suffocation is nothing but pure torture.  while
            he is still kicking with the fear and the drug rush, bones
            drags lupovich to the middle of the room.

            with one arm, bones lifts the fat cop up and hooks him to one
            of the meat hooks above.

                                bones (cont'd)
                          (in lupovich's voice)
                      "i ain't gonna be the only one with this
                      nigger's blood on my hands..."

            as lupovich squirms, bones takes his blade, and shoves it in
            just below lupovich's sternum.  and a spray of blood paints
            bones and mack's hanging head.

            thick crack smoke emerges from the wound and floats, foglike,
            out of the chest cavity.  bones then yanks the blade
            southward and slices the cop's belly wide open.

            we hear lupovich's guts spill out on the floor.

                                mack's severed head
                      was that really necessary?  can you wipe
                      my fucking face?  i can't see a goddamned
                      thing.

            the dope smoke wafts in the room four feet off the floor. 
            the song immolates itself.  blood drips.  and bones adds
            another weight to his belt.

