            int. sub-basement - continuous

            throwing debris aside, they come next through a small door at
            the bottom of the stairs and enter the sub-basement.  nearby
            is the elevator shaft, a gaping hole in the ruins - but
            recognizable as such.  the ceiling above them is nearly
            collapsed, and over most of the room, the accumulated debris
            and ruin from above has simply fallen through.

            and what remains of the ceiling is still shifting, groaning,
            coming apart.

            patrick shines his flashlight down to the ground, until:

                                patrick
                      here.

            he's found the hole that was bones' hastily dug grave, but
            there's nothing in it now but swarming white maggots.

                                pearl
                      is it there?

            she gets down on her hands and knees as patrick shines the
            light, but after a few frantic moments of digging, it's
            clear:

                                pearl (cont'd)
                      it's gone.  he got it.

            just then the sound of tremendous strain and creaking of
            wood.  and the ceiling starts to give way.  they all scramble
            for shelter, and then it gives way completely -- completely
            blocking their way out.  they're trapped.

                                bill
                      no!!!!!!

            they all look in every direction for some glimpse of hope -
            of a way out.  there is none.  then they hear behind them: a
            resonant "ding!"

            turning - their pov

            where moments before there was a gaping, ruined elevator
            shaft, there is now a fully functioning elevator just as it
            was in 1979, the doors opening to them in eerie slo-mo.

            pearl starts towards the open car.  the others trying to hold
            her back.

                                pearl
                      it's alright.  let me.

            she walks closer, peering into the dark recesses of the
            elevator.  maybe again a flash of visible movement inside.

            closer ever closer, until pearl, almost entranced, steps in. 
            and once inside, there's no one, or no thing, there.  pearl
            is about to tell them "it's okay..." when suddenly the doors
            of the elevator slide-slam shut.

                                cinnabar
                      mama!!!!!

            then they hear the elevator chain start to move and the
            elevator starts to rise.  cinnabar screaming louder.

