               int. women's choice clinic - reception - day

               the receptionist sits behind a pane of bulletproof glass. 
               the waiting room is semi-crowded, occupied mostly by pregnant 
               women, teens and ill-behaved children.

                                     punk receptionist
                         welcome to women's choice, where 
                         women are trusted friends. please 
                         put your hands where i can see them 
                         and surrender any bombs.

               juno flashes her best jazz hands.

                                     juno
                         hi. i'm here for the big show?

                                     punk receptionist
                         your name, please?

                                     juno
                         juno macguff.

               the receptionist raises a pierced eyebrow and arranges some 
               paperwork on a clipboard.

                                     juno (v.o.)
                         she thinks i'm using a fake name. 
                         like gene simmons or mother teresa.

               the receptionist hands juno the clipboard and a pen.

                                     punk receptionist
                         i need you to fill these out, both 
                         sides. and don't skip the hairy 
                         details. we need to know about every 
                         score and every sore.

               the receptionist reaches into one of those ubiquitous women's 
               clinic condom jars, and holds up a fistful of purple rubbers.

                                     punk receptionist
                         would you like some free condoms? 
                         they're boysenberry.

                                     juno
                         no thank you. i'm off sex.

                                     punk receptionist
                         my partner uses these every time we 
                         have intercourse. they make his balls 
                         smell like pie.

                                     juno
                         congrats.

               she takes a seat in the waiting room and rifles through a 
               pile of old magazines. the magazine selection is lots of 
               "mommy mags" and health related periodicals. she selects an 
               issue of family digest and gingerly flips through for a few 
               moments.

               then she looks over and notices the fingernails of a nearby 
               teen, who looks as nervous as she does. the girl bites her 
               thumbnail and spits it onto the floor.

               juno looks away, but immediately notices another waiting 
               woman, who absently scratches her arm with long fake nails. 
               suddenly, she sees fingernails everywhere. the receptionist 
               clicks her nails on the front desk. another woman blows on 
               her fresh manicure. everyone seems to be fidgeting with their 
               fingers somehow. juno suddenly looks terror-stricken...

                                                                    cut to:

                                     punk receptionist
                         excuse me, miss macgoof?

               there's no answer. we see that juno's chair is empty.

               the receptionist cranes her neck and sees the front door 
               drift shut. juno's figure recedes into the distance as she 
               tears off down the street, running as fast as she can.

