int.             geisha house ­ room                        night

algren and gant are led into an elegant room with paper screens, and a table
set for the japanese tea ceremony.                                               .

gant tries to take the arm of one of the geishas - but she moves awa y,
gesturing for him to sit the other begins the tea ceremony.

                                                algren
                            no tea... sake.

a musician plays a traditional lute. the geisha begins a graceful fan dance.

                                             gant
                            fan dance. saw this once in chicago.

algren smiles at the geisha preparing the. she smiles back. algren pours
himself a cup of sake.

later...

the sake bottle is empty. the interminable lute music continues.

gant is increasingly agitated as the geisha continues her dance. algren can't
help but laugh at his frustration. finally gant has had enough. he rises, a
bit unsteady from the sake.

                                              gant
                            okay, darlin' time to get down to business:

he shoos the musician out of the room, then approaches the geisha, who
shrinks from his intention.

                                               algren
                            zeb. i don't think she --

                                               gant
                            she's just shy. who knows what we white devils
                            have got in our trousers, eh, darlin'?

he takes her arm. she resists - her voice rising.

                                                gant
                            come on, now.

he tries to pull her along. her kimono tears. she calls out in terror. two men

appear, bouncers presumably, but alight of build.

                                                                                    26.

                                             algren
                           oh, shit.

the madam yells angrily at gant in japanese. pushing him out roughly.

                                            gant
                           now, hold on there, sister. i paid good money.

one of the bouncers puts his hand, politely, on gant's arm.

                                             gant
                           back off, short-stuff.

this time, the bouncer is more insistent. gant takes a swing at him. wrong
move. before gant knows what hit him, the little man uses gant's
momentum in an akido move to flip him to the mat, hard.

algren can only stare, in awe, at the lethal move. as the second bouncer moves
to confront him, bowing apologetically, algren speaks in english, smiling,
knowing they can't understand a word he's saying.

                                            algren
                           obviousl y you can kick the shit out of people
                           much larger than you, so we'll be leaving now...

