ext.              2nd barricade                      day

katsumoto pulls his long sword. algren does the same.

katsumoto calls out an order -- the archers fire another round.

the imperial soldiers are being annihilated but still they come in great waves --
for ever y one who falls it seems there are ten to take his place.

they race forward, stepping over their fallen comrades, bayonets poised --

the mauser rifles flash --

                                                                                           110.

bullets explode around the samurai, many are hit.

the imperial army has been trained to keep firing on the run. the waiting
samurai will be decimated, except --

from the hills on either side

fully half of the samurai force -- who have been kept hidden until this moment...
charge, screaming into the flank of the attacking army. even rifles cannot fire in
three directions at once.

algren and katsumoto lead the charge over the second barricade. some are cut down,
but in moments swords engage ba yonets in brutal hand-to-band combat.

algren and katsumoto fight back to back, as if one person, slashing with their
swords, shattering bayonet, dealing death on all sides.

ujio crouches, his back leg straight and planted, his front leg bent. still using
his bow, firing off arrows with stunning speed, refusing to budge--

on the opposing hillside

bagley and omura watch the battle through binoculars.

                                                  bagley
                                a classic "v" ambush. sonofabitcb is using
                                welt point tactics.

in the midst of the battle

a charging soldier thrust     s his bayonet into katsumoto's arm - katsumoto kills,
the soldier with his short    sword but is awkwardly tangled with his body, a second
soldier races toward him      for the kill - algren spins and attacks killing the second
soldier - but a third races    toward algren, bayonet f1ashing

he dodges -- but the bayonet slices into his side --

algren kicks the soldier away -- tries to use his sword but the soldier springs
back ath1etically .. ujio appears like a black spectral figure to deliver the
coup de grace.

all sound gradually fades and is replaced by the elegaic sound of a bamboo
flute... the images of combat become fragmented and impressionistic.

bur no matter how bravel y the samurai fight, they are simply outnumbered...

nakao is like a cornered bear, arcing his two swords wildly around him. he
is shot in the chest, and staggers a moment before continuing. another
soldier shoots him in the arm at point blank range. nakao', sword goes fl ying,
so the giant samurai leaps forward and picks up the shooter bodily, twirling
him around like a wrestler, throwing him finally onto the upraised pike of a
fellow imperial soldier. but now three more soldiers have levelled their
weapons, and a ruthless volley staggers him again. shots rain on him as he
tries to continue fighting, but his strength leaves him. finally, with one last
lunge, he manages to pull an imperial soldier with him, crushing him as he falls.

                                                                                   111.
more and more fall as algren, katsumoto, and their comrades fight desperately...

the mournful flute is the appropriate accompaniment as ujio is mortally
wounded. the grim award master is cut through with bullets. still he fights.
an imperial soldier holds up a rifle to protect himself, and ujio's blade cuts
through the barrel. the soldier just has time to look at the gun in amazement
before a second sweep of uji o's sword beheads him. but there are too many
to take the man's place, and finally fi ve men run uji o through with bayonets,
and he is pinned against the barricade, still upright in death.

at last, what is left of this second wave of the imperial army, retreats.

