ext.                    mountain plain                        morning

fog. obscuring everything.

algren and bagley, on horseback, wait with graham. general yoshitaka and
a few japanese commanders are mounted as well. the thousand strong
japanese army is on foot they stand, rifles ready.                            ,

                                        algren
                                   (to graham)
                           ask him how they'll come at us.

graham speaks to general yoshitaka. yoshitaka responds:

                                             yoshitaka/ graham
                           they'll come straight on. they will push forward
                           and keep on attacking... and he adds that there
                           is no samurai word for "retreat."

algren prepares himself.

they wait.

general yoshitaka is suddenly alert. he speaks quietly to graham.

                                              yoshitaka/graham
                           he sa ys they're coming...

algren gazes into the thick fog ahead, sees nothing. bagley looks worried.

                                             bagley
                           captain algren, have you posted a rear guard to
                           protect our supply train?

                                             algren
                           yes.

                                           bagley
                           who is overseeing their deployment?

algren is somewhat confused by the question.

                                             algren
                           no one.

                                              bagley
                           mr. graham, you will accompany me to the rear.
                           i want to be certain we are protected from any
                           surprise assault.

                                             graham
                           yes. of course.

before algren can respond, bagley has left the front lines with graham in

                                                                                    31.
tow. gant watches as they head out of harm's wa y.                      .

                                               gant
                            son of a bitch.

                                                algren
                                      (almost to himself)
                            ...i'm going to kill him.

                                            gant
                            waste of good ammo.

gant checks his two revol vers. the methodical clicking of the chambers as
he checks his rounds is the only sound.                                         .

then absolute silence. a light snow begins to fall.

algren continues to peer into the fog. nothing.

then a sound ... distant ... building through the fog...

the steady rumble of horses. slowl y approaching. closer and closer...

algren notes some of the japanese soldiers are literally shaking in fear.

algren peers again into the fog. nothing. but the sound is closer.

then the sound abruptly stops.

silence broken only by the murmured prayers of some of the soldiers.

                                              algren
                            sergeant gant, order the troops to assume
                            staggered firing positions.

                                             gant
                            imperial army, assume staggered firing positions.

his order is translated. the japanese soldiers prepare to fire, one
row kneeling, the other standing behind them.

one of the japanese soldiers faints from sheer tension.

algren can see nothing through the dense fog. the tension is unbearable.

then a form on horseback... ghostly... like lame sort of medieval
monster. an elaborate, horned helmet. sweeping samurai armor.

all we can see it the eerie silhouette in the fog.


like something from a nightmare.

and then another figure... and another ... as 500 mounted samurai warriors
slowl y move into position.

                                                                                     32.
the japanese troops are terrified


                                              gant
                                   (quickly)
                           hold the line ... hold the line...

the order is translated.

a terrible, beautiful moment of absolute stasis.

nothing moves.

the japanese soldiers wait.

the ghostly silhouettes wait.

silence.

then -- as if a silent signal were given -- the samurai suddenly charge,
emerging from the fog in a great wave--! the force of a tsunami.

the silence is shattered as the charging samurai roar out ancient war-
cries that chill the blood -- sweeping forward on their hones like
lightning -swords and spears flashing

                                               algren
                           fire!

the japanese troops fire then quickly begin trying to reload their single shot
rifles -- others fumble at the ask and then break and run--

panic and chaos--

                                               algren
                           hold the line!

too late-- the samurai are on them--

they attack with an intensity few have ever seen -- many of the japanese
soldiers try to escape, turning and running in blind panic -- they are butchered--
run through by the ashigaru, cut inhalf by the naginata.

those soldiers who laboriousl y try to reload their rifles are quickly
mowed down by ferocious clouds of samurai arrows, fired by mounted
samurai.

                                             algren
                           sound fall back! sound fall back!

a bugler sounds the order. the army begins to retreat.

but suddenly they are attacked from behind as well! arrows shoot from the
fog and more mounted samurai appear.

                                                                                     33.

they are surrounded.

algren, gant, and the japanese offi cers call out orders but all discipline
soon breaks down -- it is every man for himself--

the battle swirls ever ywhere around us. fleeing soldiers are run through by
lances, run down and trampled by horses.

each samurai wears individual, vibrantly col ored armor. various battle
flags sweep through the fog.

gant uses his two cavalry revolvers -- firing constantly -- finally out of
ammo he drops from his horse in the cavalry st yle and pulls a winchester
repeating rifle, crouching and quickly firing--

algren uses his revol ver first -- firing as he turns on his horse -- when
the revol ver is empty he pulls his cavalry saber. he manages to parry
the lethal blows as the samurai hurtle past --

but one samurai, his armor all in black, comes at him on a collision course
and slams into him, sending both horse and rider to the ground.

algren scrambles to his feet, his saber nowhere to be found as another
rider heads toward him carrying a lance.

algren manages to grab it and throw the rider to the ground, wrestling the
lance from his grip and running him through.

in the midst of the battle we notice a peculiar thing. one samurai is just sitting
on his horse. watching algren. this samurai wears a black mask.

the masked samuari watches algren fight.

algren now wields the lance to battle the horsemen as they sweep past. he
spears one and then unseats another. when a third samurai cuts his lance in
half, algren uses the remaining half as a club to take him down.

the masked samurai continues to watch algren. algren's tenacity is amazing.
he continues to fight with heroic passion, refusing to give an inch, long after
those around him have fled.

then a blaze of bright yellow ­ a samurai in yellow armor galloping past, firing
arrows steadily from horseback. his control and speed are astounding.

we will come to know him as yoritomo, a handsome young samurai.

yoritomo fires arrow upon arrow ­ the speed is breathtaking ­ two arrows
slam into gant, knocking him to the ground.

the battle, meanwhile, has become a rout. those imperial soldiers who fight
are easily cut down. those who flee are run down like prey.

left alone, algren finds himself confronted by ashigaru ­ samurai foot
soldiers carrying pikes. he turns to discover his retreat cut off by other

                                                                                                         34.
samurai wielding katana ­ the lethal long sword.

but rather than give any quarter, algren launches an attack. he kills one
samurai before he is run through, at the shoulder, by a lance.

in agony, algren snaps off the hilt of the lance, leaving its tip buried
deep in his chest, and fights on.

he manages to parry a blow ­ which slices into his side. the next blow
takes off a piece of his scalp. blood fl ows down his faces and into his eyes.

algren is now surrounded by ten samurai. a man's heroic stand against
certain death is of great interest to them. as they begin to close in, algren
whirls the lance around, a tattered battle-flag with tiger insignia still
dangling from the end.

the masked samurai removes his mask. it is the japanese man,
whose dream of the tiger we glimpsed at the beginning of the story. his
eyes wide in surprise, he watches his dream come to life--the blue tiger
holding the dogs at bay.

in slow motion algren whirls the lance, as one samurai, wearing
blood-red armor, advances. with a murderous smile, he draws his
katana.
algren seems spent ­ he drops to one knee, swaying, on the brink of losing
consciousness.
                                                                      .
but as the red samurai, lets out a battle cry and propels himself forward for the death blow - algren
suddenly leaps up and propels the jagged wooden end of the broken lance into the unprotected throat of his
attacker.

as the samurai falls, the rest of his comrades close in to cut algren off.

a harsh command stops them in their tracks.

the masked samurai leaps from his horse. everyone steps aside deferentially
so that be might pass by without being jostled.                    .

he looks down at algren, then removes his battle helmet.

and we meet _mori katsumoto, the leader of the samurai. he it an
imposing man of about algren's years.

sensing that he is about to be killed, algren pulls himself t o his knees, and swings his saber at katsumoto.
with blinding speed, katsumoto pulls his katana from its scabbard.

algren's saber is snapped cleanly in two.

katsumoto looks down at algren.

then gant appears behind katsumoto -- limping toward him, cocking his
rifle, urgently trying to save algren--

ujio, (the samurai we saw earlier on the streets of tokyo) leaps to
protect his lord. his sword flashes--

                                                                                                      35.
gant is eviscerated. algren watches in horror.

a dreadful beat as gant stands, pathetically trying to hold his guts in. then he
sinks to his knees.

katsumoto turns, leaps back onto his horse and trots off.

algren finally wrenches himself from under his horse. he crawls to gant,
blood pouring from his own injured back and shoulder.

gant is dead.

algren looks up to see the battle is lost. the japanese soldiers have fled.
or are surrendering, injured or dead.

and he sees one other thing. general yoshitaka is still on his horse,
head down. he has not pulled his sword. he has not been hurt.

katsumoto rides to yoshitaka. a few serious words are exchanged. katsumoto bows his bead in respect, seems
to agree to something.

both men climb from their horses. general yoshitaka pulls out a small b1ade and hands it to katsumoto, who
holds it out firmly.

general yoshitaka quickly and calmly pulls himself on to the blade, plunging
it into his stomach, embracing katsumoto.

it is seppuku -- the traditional form of samurai suicide.

algren watches, stunned.

then a terrible scream cuts through the battlefield.

algren sees samurai calmly walking among the injured and captured imperial
soldiers .. killing them one by one with a single stroke.

algren looks over the slaughter.

and then passes out, bill wounds overcoming him.

fade to...

