ext.                yokohama ­ dock                            day

after 23 days at sea, they are all glad to climb down the gangplank. the
yokohama docks are a frenzy of languages and looks and smells and sounds.
japanese competes with german and english and french and russian.
warehouses fl y the flags of a dozen countries.

one striking japanese character dominates: the symbol for, omura. it is seen
on buildings, warehouses, and the headbands of scores of laborers.

a series of palanquins, litters carried by bearers, await our voyagers.

as does simon graham, a dissipated englishman who has lived in japan
for many yean. slender and pale, with an occasional consumptive cough, in
his 50's, he wears a white linen suit, a bit worse for wear.

                                              omura
                           captain algren, this is mr. simon graham. he
                           will be your translator.

                                                                                   15.
                                            graham
                          pleasure, captain.

                                            bagley
                          you'll be quartered at the embassy for now.

                                          omura
                          the emperor will summon you at his pleasure.

graham ushers algren and gant into their own less-ornate version.

                                            graham
                          if you please, captain...

                                           algren
                           they're gonna carry us?

                                            graham
                          you're guests of the emperor. you cannot walk.

algren notes the hoods covering the faces of the palanquin bearers.

                                            algren
                          why the hoods?

                                             graham
                          so you won't have to burden your eyes by looking
                          at slaves. oh, excuse me, they're servants now.
                                    (coughs, wipes a bit of blood)
                          this wa y, gentlemen...

int /ext            palanquin - yokohama streets                             day

their bearers maneuver them through the bustling streets of yokohama.
white face painted geishas walk alongside bearded russians. traditional
japanese kimonos alongside european suits and hats, schizophrenic world
of ancient japan versus modern commercialism.

                                            graham
                          twenty years ago yokohama was a lovel y little
                          port. then your commodore perry arrived and
                          changed all that.

                                             algren
                          all this in twenty years?

                                             graham
                          japan has...embraced... western wa ys. hired
                          lawyers from france, doctors from germany,
                          naval architects from britain, civil engineers,
                          railway designers, scientists, teachers. and, of
                          course, warriors from the united states.

                                                                                      16.
                                             algren
                           buying the future.

                                              graham
                           or selling the past...


