ext.            village                      later that night

a somber mood has descended. algren sits and writes in his journal.

                                              algren (v.o.)
                            july 14, 1877. for so long now, i have managed
                            to convince myself that there was nothing worth
                            believing in.

a samurai plays a melancholy bamboo flute. the gentle sound floats through the village...

                                              algren (v.o.)
                            certainly nothing worth dying for.

we see samurai preparing for the final battle. some check
their armor... others meditate...

                                             algren (v.o.)
                            now i am not so sure.

some make up their faces so they will look handsome when they greet death.
some methodically polish their swords. some sit with their families.

                                               algren (v.o.)
                            and so, for the first time in my life, i am truly
                            afraid. not of dying. but of losing something
                            worth living for.

ujio is performing a graceful, ritualistic sword-dance to the song of the flute.
algren joins graham to watch him.

                                                graham
                            what is it:? .

                                              algren
                            the kenbu,.. his dance of death.

taka comes to them.

                                              taka
                                    (subtitles)
                            algren-san, will you come with me?

                                                                                   104.

algren leaves graham and accompanies taka toward the house.

they pass higen and toshiie, who sit with other children at the feet of the
massive nakao, listening to a quiet story he tells,

