ext.                    ruined village                               day

a steam engine lends plumes of smoke into the air as it waits. algren,
bagley, and general yoshitaka ride along the railroad line.

the imperial army follows, with sergeant gant, on foot.

a traditional japanese village is being torn aside to make room for the railroad
line. houses are being leveled and black smoke drifts up. the displaced
villagers gather belongings. omura guards herd them about rather bruta1ly.

                                                                                 29.
railroad workers are laying a new spur, building a brick station. a1gren notes
the by now familiar omura symbol on the new water tower and on the
headbands of the guards and workers.

                                            algren
                          what is that sign?

                                             graham
                          it's the symbol for the omura zaibatsu.

                                            algren
                          zaibatsu?

                                            graham
                          old family businesses that own ever ything worth
                          owning. the molt powerful is the omura
                          zaibatsu. that's your friend, omura.

                                            algren
                          they own all of this?

                                            graham
                          they do now.

severed heads on pikes line the road, a warning to those who continue
to resist

                                           algren (v.o.)
                          october 24,1876. today we entered kansai
                          province. here the local warlords have all been
                          convinced to accept the emperor's rule.

they pass a particularly wrenching sight. villagers kneeling outside what
used to be a shinto temple. the railroad tracks cut straight through it.

                                            algren (v.o.)
                          our destination is yoshino, home of the rebel
                          katsumoto. protected by high mountain passes,
                          it can be reached only during the summer
                          months, and even then with great difficulty.

the army moves on. ahead are towering mountains.


