ext.      battlefield           dawn

we move along the line of waiting samurai. the faces are stoic. prepared.
their horses are corralled well behind them.

algren stands with katsumoto and ujio. graham is nearby. they peer into the
plain beyond.

they have chosen a strong defensive position. a steep mountain pass. slopes on either
side create a funnel ahead of them. the imperial army will have to pass through the
funnel to reach them.

on a hill above them

higen is revealed. he looks down first at the five hundred samurai, then
sees, beyond, the overwhelming mass of the imperial army.

back on the battlefield

a distant thud followed by a high-pitched whine. a massive explosion
ahead of the samurai. artillery.

algren finds graham cowering at the base of a straw barricade.

                                               algren
                            mr. graham....

                                               graham
                            captain?

                                            algren
                            would you please stay with the horses?

graham would like to be brave enough to remain, but he is not a soldier.

                                               graham
                            as you suggest.

                                                                                    107.

graham starts to go --

                                             algren
                            mr. graham ... take this.

from his coat, algren takes his journal, hands it to graham.

                                            algren
                            maybe you can use it for your book.

                                               graham
                            i will.

he heads back to the relative safet y of the horse corral.

meanwhile, the samurai remain impassive as artillery is stepped in closer, the
range bracketed. then artillery rounds begin to fall among them.

samurai are blown to pieces as they bravel y stand and await
death. katsumoto barks a command to ujio.

suddenly, the samurai break ranks and trot into a new defense
alignment. the artillery rounds now fall ineffectually where once
they stood.

bagley directs the artillery to be re-targeted, it is a laborious, clumsy
process. they fire again. another command. the samurai change
position again.

bagley is furious. their fluid tactics have rendered his field artillery useless.

katsumoto and algren share a look of grim satisfaction. they are leveling
the playing field.

bugle calls are heard from the imperial army.

                                              algren
                            the call to advance.

the rattle of the snare drums. the sound of marching boots.

and then they appear. thousands upon thousands of them. the imperial
army marching relentlessly forward in strict formation. the rising sun displayed.

katsumoto gazes at the awe-inspiring sight. his 500 samurai face a staggering
5,000 soldiers.

                                              katsumoto
                            tell me ... what happened to those three hundred
                            warriors at thermopylae?

                                                                                 108.
                                               algren
                                      (a grim smile)
                             dead to the last man.

katsumoto glances to him, smiles.


