ext.           parade ground                            day

about a thousand japanese soldiers in baggy uniforms are milling around a large
parade ground. each has an old single shot rifle. algren, gant, and yoshitaka
look down on them from a reviewing stand.


                                             gant
                           jesus....

                                                                                          20.

                                             algren
                            ask the general what training they' ve had.

graham speaks to general yoshitaka, then translates his response.

                                                yoshitaka/ graham
                            he sa ys... we have trained them not to shoot
                            their ...asses off.

algren glances to general yoshitaka, who looks back wr yl y.


                                               algren
                            sergeant gant, have the men stand to attention.

                                            gant
                            imperial army, atten-tion!

graham translates, rather mildly.

                                              algren
                            for god's sake, let's not keep it a secret who's in
                            charge here ... mr. gant.

                                           gant
                                   (roars)
                            all right you slanty-eyed little
                            bastards stand up straight or i
                            will shit-kick every one of you
                            cocksuckers!!

as the soldiers immediately stand to attention, we begin a montage of the training
of the first imperial army:

we see gant drilling the men. shouting at his translator. trying to get them to march
in formation. algren is nearby, watching.

                                               algren (v.o.)
                            august 4,1876. as i watch this new army train,
                            i cannot help but think of those who rode with
                            me in me 23rd cavalry.

algren sits in his tent, writing in his journal. outside, the japanese are being taught
the basics of firing tactics.

                                              algren (v.o.)
                            for four years they had survived, never once
                            shrinking from the fire. and so, when given my
                            order to charge the advancing rebel infantry,
                            they never hesitated. ...and they all died.

we see algren showing the japanese how to fire in formation. the old single-shot
rifles they carry make reloading a painfully slow process.

                                                                                    21.


                                            algren (v .o.)
                           now i am training another army. in another
                           civil war.

algren and gant spar with sabers - algren's expertise far exceeds gant's, a
fact which gant accepts with good humor.

                                             algren (v.o.)
                           is this why i was spared? once again to lead
                           men to their death?

it is sunset algren, graham, and general yoshitaka watch the training.
general yoshitaka speaks.

                                               yoshltaka/ graham
                           ... the problem is they're peasants. they have
                           never had this sort of responsibility or power.

algren watches gant march beside the japanese. they are illuminated by the
majestic red sunset

                                            algren
                                   (to graham)
                           ask him if they have a flag.

graham translates. genera1 yoshitaka responds.

                                               graham
                           no flag.

                                               algren
                           they need a flag.

