ext.           american embassy-. garden                     days later

in the pristine grounds of the embassy, a garden party is in progress.
incongruous lilting yankee tunes are heard from the japanese band.

algren and gant, now in their dress uniforms wander through the party with graham.
liveried servants pall trays of canapés.

elsewhere we see diplomats representing all the powers currently trying to devour
japan: russia; england; germany; france; spain; etc.

                                                                                                     17.
                                           graham
                          i remember when it was just america and the
                          dutch. now ever ybody' s getting into the game.

they pass two german diplomats. the germans glance to algren and gant with suspicion, bow tersely.
graham greets them in german.

                                          graham
                          the germans are particularly eager.

                                          algren
                          what do they want?

                                           graham
                          same thing your country wants. most favored
                          nation status.

                                          algren
                          how long have you been in japan?

                                               graham
                          oh, western time quickly loses its meaning here
                          ... i first came as part of the british legation in 1857.
                          but i was soon relieved of m y position, as a result
                          of various...disagreements with the
                          crown's attitude toward the locals.


omura separates himself from his entourage and approaches.


                                             omura
                          gentlemen. i hope you are enjoying a taste of
                          home.

                                           algren
                          i've done with worse, believe me.

                                             omura
                          america has much to offer us, though. its'
                          industry and ingenuity are without peer.
                                   (ingratiating)
                          i have spoken to the emperor about you. he is
                          interested in the most modem theories of warfare.

                                             algren
                          i look forward to the opportunity of meeting
                          him someday.

                                           omura
                          you will have that chance sooner than you think.
                          he has requested an audience.

graham is open-mouthed at this turn of events.

                                                                                       18.

