ext.            village                          day

algren. feeling self-conscious in the clean kimono he's wearing for the first
time, walks back with yoritomo. kids start walking with them, pointing at
his japanese garb, laughing as he stumbles in his wooden clogs. they pass
by ujio training a group of samurai using wooden kendo swords.

nearby, higen and toshiie are imitating the grown-ups, sparring with wooden
swords that are much too big for them. yoritomo watches his nephews proudly,
murmuring details of their prowess to algren, who has no idea what he's talking
about.

higen charges his little brother, but goes careening past, right toward algren,
who deftl y dodges out of the wa y. this causes gales of laughter from the
boys, one of whom takes toshiie's sword and offers it to algren.

algren looks at the sword in his hand and unthinkingly twirls if with a f1ourish --
causing the boys to applaud. yoritomo bows, and encourages a1gren in
higen's direction. algren shakes his head politely, but higen is already on
the attack.

algren dodges one thrust, then parries another, as the boys begin to cheer.

suddenly, ever yone goes silent. algren turns.

ujio is standing behind him, arms folded.

ujio barks a command in japanese. he wants algren to drop the sword.
it is obvious to algren what it must mean, but he does nothing.

ujio approaches algren slowl y. algren holds the wooden sword casually,
only his eyes betraying the tension of the moment.

ujio's wooden sword flashes, quicker than the eye can follow. algren's
sword is knocked from his hands, then, somehow in the same fluid
movement, ujio brings the sword around and cracks algren across the
chest hard enough to knock the breath from his body and lend him to his
kneels.

satisfied with himself, uji o starts to walk away, but the expressions of the
bystanders cause him to turn back: .

algren is standing again, and again holding the sword.

with grim purpose, uji o returns to algren, who has assumed a ready pose.

again ujio's sword flashes. algren manages to parry one blow, before
he is cracked across the face, and blood begins to flow free1y from his nose.

                                                                                          45.
 ujio knocks algren's legs out from under him, and while algren is sprawling
on the ground, ujio kicks algren's sword out of his hand, and starts away.

again, algren manages to stand up, and before ujio can turn, charges him.

but uji o doesn't need to turn. in a sliding move, he dodges and cracks algren
in the side, then the legs, then the neck. gasping for breath, at least one rib broken,
algren writhes on the ground. ujio digs the point of his sword into
algren's hand until he releases his grip. again ujio kicks the sword away.

the ever-enlarging crowd gasps as algren once again struggles to his feet.
this time without hesitation, uji o runs back and rains blows upon algren's
now defenseless body. first the wrist, then the back, then the stomach, then
finally the head.

algren hits the ground, unconscious, his fingers still clutching the sword.
ujio reaches down, pries it from his fingers, and breaks it across his knee.

