int.  pickup - moments later

claire is unconscious in the driver's seat, a trickle of
blood runs from her nose.  norman stirs briefly as claire
groggily comes to.  she hears the hissing of the smashed
radiator, then sees norman, a shattered bloody mess on the
floor of the cab.

she leans over to see if he's dead, hears a squeak and
realizes that the pickup, with the battered sailboat and
trailer miraculously still attached, is rolling deeper into
the water.

before she can get the door open, the truck is half
submerged.  she frantically manages to lower her window
halfway and starts to pull herself out.

her ribs have just cleared the glass when a bloody fist locks
onto her ankle and yanks her inside.  norman pulls her down
until they're face to face.

                     claire
          norman...no...

she yanks the emergency brake, but it's too late...the
submerged wheels lock and slide slowly down the mossy ramp.
the truck is nearly submerged.

                     claire
               (desperately)
          norman, please...

the water is up to the windows.  norman shakes his head
slowly as he blinks away blood from his eyes.

                     claire
          think of caitlin...

water sprays in through the hole in the rear window and
momentarily blinds norman.  claire jerks free and scrambles
out of the driver's side window as the truck sinks.

just as she's free of the window, she jerks to a stop.  she
looks down and sees norman, half out of the window, one hand
clamped onto her ankle.

there is a wrenching metallic creak.  the truck lurches
downward...then silence.  it doesn't sink.  the boat buoys it
like a fishing cork as it drifts out into the lake.

the headlights pierce the darkness of the steep underwater
drop off.  claire tries to swim free, but norman's not
letting go.

suddenly metal snaps and the truck pops free of the trailer.
it hurtles downwards and the still-glowing headlights
reveal...

madison's submerged mustang

smash!

when the front of the pickup lands on the hood of the car,
the mustang's windshield shatters.  a pale shape floats
upward.

norman is suddenly entangled by something.  he tries to brush
it free but comes face-to-face with madison's ghastly,
decomposed face.  the last of his air bellows out of him in a
scream as he releases claire's ankle.

his dead staring face separates from madison's as the truck
slowly tilts back and sinks to the bottom.

