ext. - adam's house - afternoon
    
taka is bowing and smiling and nodding to someone we don't
see.
    
taka's pov - a man, kenny, in a sharp black suit is walking
down the driveway past gene the poolman's truck to the front
door of adam's house. parked at the street is a big limo
with vincenzo and luigi castigliane sitting in the back.
    
kenny knocks on adam's front door. lorraine answers.
lorraine's hands are covered with pink paint. pink paint is
on her face and clothes.
    
				kenny
		adam kesher...he...
    
				lorraine
		yeah, right ... get lost!
    
she slams the door, but kenny's foot stops it and pushes it
back with a force that shakes the wall as the door slams open
once again. kenny enters the house.
    
				kenny
		this is adam kesher's house. where...
    
				lorraine
		like hell it is! get out ... now!!!
    
gene comes out of the kitchen fast, his hands covered with
pink paint.
    
				gene
		i guess you don't understand english.
		she asked to leave. here's the door.
    
gene grabs hold of kenny and starts to push him out the door.
kenny rabbit punches gene in the nose with lightning speed -
his fist like a sledgehammer. gene goes down. lorraine
shrieks and leaps on kenny. her long fingernails going for
his eyes. kenny slaps lorraine hard. the shriek stops
instantly and she falls out cold on the carpet. gene is back
up and going for kenny. kenny gets three punches in on gene's
head before gene hits the ground unconscious. kenny rubs some
pink paint off his hands and tries to get a pink stain off
his jacket. he begins walking around the house calling out
for adam. he sees nothing and hears nothing. he goes back to
the front door and sees adam's golf clubs sitting there.
kenny begins snapping the shaft of each club. as he snaps
each club we see lorraine and gene remain out cold on the
floor.

    
and in the kitchen we see that the tap is on and the sink
water is now overflowing from the sink and jewelry box -
spilling out onto the kitchen floor. finishing his work with
the vintage golf clubs - kenny leaves.
    
							cut to:
    
