11	int: nursery - night

sarah enters and approaches the howling infant.

sarah: i don't need this.

she pulls the blanket up over him and attempts to tuck him in.

sarah: there, isn't that nice ...

but freddie doesn't think so. he pushes the blanket off and howls
even louder. sarah sees one of his toys on the floor and picks it up
and gives it to him. she speaks through gritted teeth.

sarah: want your nice toy?

but freddie doesn't. he flings the toy across the room. sarah bends
over the crib and speaks softly.

sarah: you know, freddie, i heard that the only thing to do with a
baby who won't stop crying is to get some goblins to come over and
teach him a lesson ...

freddie lowers his screams to a whimper, but a loud whimper.

sarah: how would you like that, kid? a nasty evil goblin ...

freddie is quiet for a moment, almost as if he is considering. then
he really howls. sarah sighs and picks him up. she begins to pace
back and forth, and starts to hum. freddie goes back to a mere
whimper.

sarah: oh, you like that, do you?

she begins to hum even louder and more melodically as she places the
baby back into the crib. she then begins one of the moat macabre
lullabies you could ever imagine. she sings of how scary the dark is,
how "the shadows on the wall like to eat you when you're small" and
how "a baby doesn't stand a chance when the goblins start their
dance." she throws herself into her performance; adding to it a wild
dance that has her whirling around the room, leaping into the air,
making strange shadows on the wall. finally, the dance ends when too
many crazed pirouettes result in her stumbling against freddie's
dresser. she staggers a bit and then the lights blink as a crack of
thunder is heard, followed by a flash of lightning.

another angle

little freddie is wailing. he hasn't understood a thing that sarah
has sung but he can sense that something is wrong.

sarah: ah, c'mon, freddie. it was just a song.

they are interrupted by the sound of the doorbell. sarah reacts with
a gasp of surprise. freddie, for some inexplicable reason, is
suddenly quiet.

