36	int: corridor 5 - day

hoggle and sarah are now in the long circular corridor that divides
the maze from the beginning of the second ring of the labyrinth --
the garden maze.

hoggle (excited): i think i know where we are!

sarah: that'll be a nice change.

he ignores her and looks around excitedly.

hoggle: this place is the end o' the maze! that means we're near the
entrance ta the second ring o' the labyrinth.

sarah: the second ring? what's that?

hoggle starts down the corridor.

hoggle (happily): the garden maze!

sarah (gloomy): sounds like a great place ... what's it like?

hoggle: don't know, i ain't never made it this far before.

he is skipping happily down the corridor when sarah hears something.
it is a strange clanking sound.

sarah (frightened): hoggle! what's that sound?!!

hoggle stops skipping and sighs.

hoggle: now don't go gettin' all girly on me, missy, now that we's
finally safe ...

sarah: so you think we're safe, do you?

hoggle (annoyed): didn't i just say so?!!

sarah: then tell me what you think of that.

sarah points behind them where the clanking noise is coming from. it
is now much louder. hoggle comes over to her and takes a better look.
he screams.

another angle

their pov - a slashing machine is coming right towards them. (a
slashing wall is made up of rows of furiously spinning knives, and
chopping cleavers, and has brushes along the bottom to clean up
whatever it encounters in its path.) and there is no way around it
because it completely fills the corridor.

another angle

hoggle desperately tries to walk through the wall the way they came
in, but it is to no avail. he just keeps smashing his face. sarah
starts to run for it.

sarah: come on!

hoggle follows, every so often trying, and failing, to get through
the wall.

another angle

sarah, who is far ahead of hoggle, comes to a door! and hanging on a
hook next to it is a bunch of keys. she looks back at hoggle.

sarah: hoggle, hurry!

another angle

sarah's pov - hoggle running toward her, and making slow but steady
progress toward them both -- the slashing machine.

another angle

sarah fumbles with the keys, furiously trying key after key in the
door but to no avail. she is terrified.

sarah: none of the keys work!

desperate, she starts banging on the door. hoggle is just a few yards
away from her.

hoggle: why don't you just try it?

he then tries once more to walk through the wall. sarah tries the
knob and sure enough, it opens. she is delighted. what she doesn't
see is hoggle suddenly disappearing through the floor.

sarah: it's open! hog ...

she turns around and he is gone! and the slashing machine is just a
few yards away! she screams and, in her terror, falls backwards
through the door. it slams shut just as the slashing machine reaches
it we can see that four goblins in sanitation workers' uniforms have
been pushing the machine all along. they grunt and strain, cranking
the wheels that turn the knives and pushing all at the same time.

