41	ext: forest gate - day

sarah, hoggle and ludo come out of the hedge maze and see a wall with
two sarah-sized doors in it.

hoggle: this is it, the entrance ta the forbidden forest. all we
gotta do is pick a door ...

sarah: what difference does it make? let's just go!

ludo quickly steps between sarah and the doors.

ludo: one door ... good. one door ... bad.

hoggle: well, that's great news. (to ludo) don't suppose ya know
which is which?

sarah skirts around ludo and goes up to the doors for a closer look
at them.

ludo: one door ... good. one door ...

hoggle: all right, ya walkin' mountain! ya made ya point.

another angle

sarah ignores the bickering behind her and examines the doors. each
one has a door knocker on it. both knockers are carved into faces,
except one has the ring going through its ears and the other has it
stuck in its mouth.

sarah (to herself): i guess once you choose a door ... all you have
to do is knock.

the knocker with the ring through its ears speaks.

knocker 1: are you addressing me?

sarah jumps back, stunned.

sarah: you can talk!

knocker 1: what? what? you'll have to speak up!!

knocker 2: mmffn ... grnth ... sminvl ...

sarah turns to the other knocker.

sarah: you too!

knocker 2: ... gmft ... bmble ...

sarah shakes her head in amazement.

another angle

the boys are still at it.

hoggle: if yer so smart why not show us another way inta the forest?

ludo: ludo ... not ... know.

hoggle: that figures, don't it? (he turns his back on ludo, fuming)
why the missy wants an overgrown hill o' hair fer a friend is beyond
me.

ludo tries to make hoggle feel better and pats him on the shoulder.
hoggle shakes his hand off with a growl.

another angle

sarah is excited.

sarah: i love it! talking doors!! (to knocker 1) are you the right
door to the forest?

knocker 1: it doesn't do to ask me. for some reason i can't hear a
thing.

sarah turns to knocker 1.

knocker 1: no use asking him, either. all he does is mumble.

knocker 2 gets very excited.

knocker 2: thgt ... vrnf ... lcl ...

sarah: i get it! you can't talk with that ring in your mouth!

she removes the ring and looks at the face triumphantly.

sarah: now, tell me which one of you is the right door to the forest.

knocker 2: oh, i am. no question about it.

sarah: great! how do we get you to open up?

knocker 2: one merely has to knock.

sarah: of course, why didn't i think of that.

she tries to get the ring back in its mouth.

knocker 2: oh no you don't, young lady! i've had just about enough of
that awful thing, thank you very much!

sarah: but how are we supposed to get through this door if you won't
let me knock on it?

knocker 2: well, i really couldn't say now, could i?

sarah throws up her hands in disgust.

knocker 1: oh do speak up, both of you? i can't hear a thing!

another angle

hoggle and ludo are still at it.

hoggle (conspiratorially): ya know ... even if she does get the door
open, ya won't be able ta fit through. why not make it easy on us all
and take a hike?

ludo: ludo ... stay!

hoggle is disgusted.

hoggle: yer quite the speechifier, ain't ya?

another angle

sarah suddenly gives knocker 2 an evil grin.

sarah: are you sure there isn't anything i can do to change your mind?

knocker 2: absolutely not! my lips are sealed!

sarah: that's what i thought!

the knocker presses its lips firmly together. sarah deftly squeezes
its nose shut. it sputters for air and finally has to open its mouth
before it suffocates. sarah shoves the ring in with a gleeful cry of
triumph. she knocks, and the door swings open.

sarah: let's go!

she goes through the door and hoggle and ludo race to follow. they
both try to get through the door at the same time and get into such a
tangle that the door closes before they can straighten themselves out.

hoggle: now you've done it!

in a frenzy, hoggle starts banging on both doors.

hoggle: missy! missy, wait!

