37	int: picture gallery - day

sarah emerges into a large room. the walls are covered with large
paintings in ornate gilt frames. she is a bit stunned by the clone
call with the slashing machine as she approaches the first painting.

sarah (to herself): what in the world ...

she stops short in front of the first painting and cannot believe her
eyes. it is a painting of the watch with 13 hours on it. the hour
hand is on the 9. sarah fumbles into her pocket and finds the watch
that jareth gave her. it also has the hour hand on the 9.

sarah: only 9 hours left!

the next picture is of a baby surrounded by gruesome goblins. on
closer inspection, the baby is obviously freddie. she chokes back a
sob and runs over to the next one, it is a picture of a rotunda with
staircases going off in all different directions on different planes
of gravity. it is an escher room, and a closer look shows a goblin
happily standing on the ceiling. she shakes her head and goes by the
next painting and gasps involuntarily. it is a compelling portrait of
jareth, and she moves even closer. then she shakes herself out of it.

another angle

the portrait's pov - sarah wills herself away and moves on, and we
hear the sound of jareth's breathing.

another angle

sarah is nervous and eagerly looks for a way out. she rushes by
another painting, giving it merely a glance. but something makes her
go back for a better look. it is of a lovely, manicured hedge maze.
in the distance we can see the turrets of jareth's castle. and in the
sky nearby flies a beautiful white bird. and then sarah is amazed by
what she sees. a closer look at the painting reveals that the white
bird is flying! it moves over the hedges and we see a figure waving.

sarah: hoggle!

sarah, disturbed, backs away from the painting. and then, because it
really is as wonderful as it is scary, she goes back for another look
and over her shoulder we can see hoggle waving and we hear his tiny
voice.

hoggle: missy! over here! this is the way to the castle!

and sarah strains to hear, and leans toward the painting, stretching
her hand out and touching the painting, which makes it turn into a
shimmering wall that her hand goes right through. and then she
disappears right through the painting.

another angle

the gallery. and jareth's portrait is now blank.

