7	int: sarah's room - night

sarah slams the door and leans against it, playing the scene.

father (vo): _sarah_, that's no way to talk to your mother!

sarah (mumbles to herself): she's not my mother.

sarah takes a deep breath and closes her eyes. she can hear footsteps
and someone comes to the other side of the door.

sarah ignores her stepmother and kicks off her running shoes.

with a practiced gesture sarah removes her jeans while leaving her
gown in place.

stepmother (vo): _sarah_, when i tell you to be home at five, i
expect you to be home at five.

sarah quickly shifts to her stepmother's attitude -- hands on hips,
and silently mimes her words.

sarah: yes, madame!

7a	int: upstairs hallway

stepmother: and don't "yes madame" me!

father: is she all right?

stepmother (frustrated): of course she's all right! i left the
bernsteins' number on the kitchen table ... freddie might be coming
down with a cold so call us if he seems even the least bit
uncomfortable ...

sarah (vo) (sighs): yes, mother.

stepmother: oh! i give up!

she hurries down the stairs.

father: we'll see you later, baby. and remember ...

7b	int: sarah's room - night

sarah speaks along with him, mimicking.

sarah & father (vo): don't open the door to strangers.

we hear him leave. sarah waits a beat and then turns and opens her
bedroom door.

sarah: and don't call me baby! (she slams the door shut; mimicking
her parents) precious little freddie might be coming down with a cold
...

she sighs and looks around. this is really her world, her retreat,
and she knows and controls every inch of it. the shelves are filled
with an orderly array of childhood dolls and toys. the books are
lined up neatly in the bookcase and if we could see them up close we
would see that they were placed in alphabetical order -- and
according to the year they were acquired. she walks over to her
dresser. she checks herself out in the mirror above the chest of
drawers and adjusts the golden circlet which has been knocked askew
by her run. she then stops for a moment and looks at the photographs
on the dresser. one of her father, her mother and herself as a little
girl. another picture of her mother in a newspaper clipping is taped
to the mirror. the headline says, "linda williams a smash in new
play." a cover of a playbill is also tacked on to the mirror. it says
_best of both worlds_ starring linda williams. sarah then reverently
opens a music box -- the kind with a twirling dancer inside -- and to
the strains of an unbearably tinny version of "greensleeves" she
begins to rehearse.

sarah: do not be swayed by my pleasure at the sight of you, my lord
...

suddenly, something stops her cold.

sarah (yelling angrily): someone has been in my room!

through the mirror we see what she sees: an empty space on one of the
shelves. she swirls around and rushes out the door.

