17	int: living room - night

zakar is sitting on the sofa, looking very comfortable. sarah stands
in the doorway, not sure what to do. reluctantly, she goes and sits
down across from him.

zakar: now watch this, freddie ...

he reaches into his breast pocket and tugs on the handkerchief there.
it comes out followed by many others, all different colours. sarah
rolls her eyes. this is not that exciting a trick. freddie isn't
impressed, either. in fact he starts to cry again.

zakar: so you're going to be like that, are you, freddie? well, you
know what that means?

he leans across the table and sarah pulls the baby closer.

zakar: it's time to call the goblins!

sarah: what?!!

sarah is surprised to hear this, to say the least. it echoes her
silly threat to freddie earlier.

zakar: yes. that's what we do with bad babies ... we send for the
goblins!!

and with that he reaches into yet another pocket and pulls out a
poorly made, very silly-looking goblin hand puppet. sarah laughs
with relief. zakar, his hand in the puppet, talks in a high-pitched,
unconvincing goblin voice.

zakar: you like goblins, don't'cha, freddie? (singsong) but i bet
your sister doesn't ...

sarah rolls her eyes at this, and then gasps. because for one very
strange moment, the puppet keeps bouncing, but both of zakar's hands
are visible! and then the puppet seems to move away from the table,
and disappear! freddie claps his hands with delight. sarah jumps out
of her chair.

sarah: where is it?!!!

zakar points to a large cabinet against the wall.

zakar: it's in there.

sarah: impossible!

zakar: see for yourself.

sarah hesitates for a moment, and then places freddie carefully on
the rug. she then marches over to the cabinet and throws open the
door.

another angle

the puppet, grinning wildly from inside the cabinet.

another angle

sarah gasps and involuntarily slams the door. she whirls around to
face zakar.

sarah: how did you do that?!!

zakar leans back into the sofa.

zakar: magic.

sarah: oh sure ...

she nods, skeptically. she can't see -- but we can definitely see --
the cabinet door slowly open behind her, and out of it comes a tiny,
fierce-looking goblin! this is not a puppet, but a living creature
that moves quickly out of sight with an exaggerated tiptoe. sarah is
busy with another problem. she doesn't see freddie!

sarah: where's freddie?!!

zakar shrugs. in a panic, sarah begins to look around this room. she
calls for freddie and, as she passes in front of the living room
doorway, we can see something scurry across the hallway. sarah stops
and listens.

sarah: freddie?

but it wasn't a baby she heard. behind her there is more scurrying as
creatures begin to appear from various parts of the room. we hear
faint snickering. she turns to zakar, terrified.

sarah: where is he?!!

zakar points to the chair sarah was sitting in. she is behind the
chair and can't see anything. but when she comes around in front of
it she sees freddie comfortably ensconced in the cushions. and he's
playing with the goblin puppet! sarah reaches over and grabs the
puppet out of his hands. she flings it across the room and scoops up
the baby.

sarah: who are you?!!!

zakar throws back his head and laughs, then suddenly leaps off the
sofa and lands very close to her.

zakar: i've been known by many names ... but the one i prefer is
_jareth, king of the goblins_!!!

sarah holds freddie close and backs away.

sarah: i don't believe this!

amidst thunder and lightning jareth flings his arms up into the air,
and he is suddenly dressed in strange, medieval garb, a cloak
swirling around him. and what's worse, much, much worse, is that
suddenly goblins are everywhere! popping out of drawers, from under
chairs, swinging off the chandeliers. sarah turns and runs out of the
room.

