83	int: jareth's quarters - night

sarah, didymus, and ludo carrying hoggle enter the room where we have
seen jareth and freddie. they lock the door behind them. no one is
there and freddie's cradle is rocking, as if someone had removed him
only moments before. ludo places hoggle down and sarah looks
feverishly around the room. she spots a door.

sarah: that's the only way he could have gone!

she runs to the door and ludo and didymus follow.

sarah: no. i have to face him alone!

didymus: but, my lady ...

he is interrupted by the sound of goblins in pursuit. they start
trying to smash down the door. ludo runs to it and presses his body
against it. hoggle moans and didymus and sarah run to his side.

hoggle: i don't expect ya to fergive me, missy, but ...

she puts her finger to his lips.

sarah: forgive you for what? saving our lives?

hoggle: but, i betrayed ya, i gave ya that damned peach ...

sarah: ssh! you did the only thing you could do ...

she looks down at his empty belt.

sarah: ... and i see you lost all your treasures in the process.

hoggle: i don't care if i never sees another treasure again!

sarah (smiles): here. just in case you change your mind.

she slips off her mother's ring and presses it into hoggle's hand. he
is overwhelmed and sarah smiles at his pleasure.

hoggle: and jareth said ya could never love me.

sarah: jareth doesn't know everything.

she leaps to her feet and hoggle moans.

sarah: take care of him, didymus.

didymus: i'll guard the valiant hoggle with my life!

the goblins give the door a particularly loud smash and ludo presses
against the door even harder.

ludo: ludo ... too!

she runs to the other door and stops to look back at them.

sarah: no maiden could have wished for nobler knights.

and she is gone.

84	escher rotunda - night

sarah enters an overwhelming room with many staircases, balconies and
doorways at different heights and at all kinds of strange angles that
obviously have no relation to what we know as gravity. her knees
buckling from vertigo. then she gasps.

another angle

jareth is sitting on the wall with all the ease of a fly.

jareth: i've been expecting you.

sarah stumbles and falls into the room, ending up on the ceiling. she
tries to adjust to being upside down.

sarah: where's freddie?!!!

she has to look down and sideways to see jareth and it is clearly
grueling.

jareth: he's right there.

and he points to one of the stairways that juts out at a right angle
from the wall. freddie is climbing up the stairs happily, but from
sarah's point of view it looks like he will fall when he gets to the
top.

sarah (screaming): freddie! no!!!

freddie gets to the top but doesn't fall, instead he ends up crawling
up the wall. sarah sighs with relief and closes her eyes. this sends
her reeling and she ends up in one of the archways. she tries to
orient herself but there is no up, no down, no sideways. and the baby
is about to crawl off a balcony! sarah screams and jareth laughs. he
begins a song that tells sarah she never really understood what was
gain on. nothing is what it appears to be, not even things like "up"
and "down."

another angle

freddie in the most precarious-looking situation yet, at the top of a
staircase. he hesitates to crawl down, and to lure him, jareth
creates a ball out of thin air and throws it to the baby. of course,
it bounces up. and all the while his song is taunting sarah. she
turns away from him and looks into the large mirror framed in the
archway. she sees endless sarahs. and while she's looking, the first
reflection runs to the left, the reflection behind that to the right,
and so on all the way down the line. and sarah's still standing
there! she falls backwards and ends up standing on the floor,
watching freddie chase his ball across the ceiling. jareth dances on
the wall now as he is about to finish his song. and there is freddie
on one of the balconies facing out of the rotunda. if he falls off
that, he'll really fall! sarah runs up the opposite wall and finds
that there is sheer space between her and the baby. the only way to
reach him is to jump. she looks at jareth who grins at her, then at
freddie who is teetering on the edge. as jareth comes to the end of
the song there is nothing to do but jump. she looks at jareth and
can't repress a grin of her own.

sarah: like the man said, "nothing is what it appears to be!"

she jumps.

