19	ext: labyrinth - day
a wide peaceful shot

the sky is pink, and the white bird swoops by us as we tilt down to
see the exterior wall of the labyrinth. it is a high masonry wall
that extends off in either direction. along the wall are various
ornamental bushes and there is a small figure of a dwarf, his back to
us, peeing into a tiny pond. it looks for all the world like one of
those ornamental garden sculptures. but it isn't. this is hoggle. in
a closer shot, which is quite discreet, hoggle finishes peeing, and
goes over to a particularly lush shrub. a few butterfly-like
creatures, flower fairies, flit around the bushes.

hoggle: an' how's me pride an' joy!

he leans forward to sniff one of the magnificent blossoms, sighing
with pleasure as he does. but before he can indulge he is stopped by
the whistling sound of a falling object. sarah falls from the sky and
lands right on his prize shrub! incensed, he screams with fury.

hoggle: what is this? look what you done! you murderer!

sarah struggles out of the broken shrub.

sarah: what are you saying, you horrible little man?!

hoggle: i ain't horrible, i'm _hoggle_. and just look! you've
destroyed me prize blossoms!

he realizes the extent of the damage to his prize specimen.

hoggle: i'll get ya for it, you big oaf!

and he picks up a spray can and goes after sarah. but she's had
enough. after the nightmarish kidnapping of freddie and a drop from
the deepest space, this guy is child's play. she reaches out and
pulls the can from hoggle's hands. she then grabs him by the
shirt-front and practically lifts him off the ground.

sarah: oh no you don't! if anyone's getting anything around here,
it's me ... now where' my brother?!!

hoggle: i ain't sayin' nothin' 'til ye let me go!

sarah sighs and lets go.

sarah: i'm sorry. but this just hasn't been my day.

hoggle looks at his crushed shrub again.

hoggle: ye ain't the only one.

sarah ignores him and stares at the massive wall behind them.

sarah: and i don't understand any of this!

hoggle shakes his head and sighs.

hoggle: now where have i heard that before.

sarah: what do you mean?

hoggle: i mean, everyone who comes here thinkin' they can make it
through the labyrinth says sumthin' like (mimicking sarah in a whiny,
high pitch) ... i don't understand this, whatever am i doing here,
how will i ever get home ...

sarah: what makes you think i'm here to get through a labyrinth?

hoggle shakes his head again.

hoggle: can't think of any reason why you'd be standin' here in front
o' this gate if you weren't.

sarah doesn't understand what he is talking about but when she looks
up she can't believe her eyes.

another angle

a huge gate where just a moment ago there nothing but smooth, endless
wall. sarah gulps in disbelief. then the huge wooden doors fly open
and a terrified creature runs out, full speed, screaming for his
life. right behind him come two menacing goblins riding on strange
beasts. they are armed and dangerous looking. they quickly catch up
with the creature and drag him, screaming piteously, back through the
gate. before the gates close sarah can see more goblins, what seems
like hundreds of them. some are mounted, most of them are armed. and
beyond them a walled passageway seems to go on forever. then the
wooden doors slam shut.

sarah: oh, no! not more goblins!

hoggle: that's jareth's goblin army, and that other poor fool musta
been caught meanderin' where he had no business.

sarah: what will they do to him?

hoggle: i don't like to think about things like that.

sarah shudders.

sarah: i wonder if things can get any worse?

hoggle sighs knowingly.

hoggle: he's taken sumthin' o' yours, ain't he?

sarah is clearly surprised.

hoggle: jareth, our high an' mighty king ...

sarah nods, excited that someone has a grasp of the situation.

hoggle: bet he's gone and taken sumthin' you love.

sarah (shrugging): close. he's got my baby brother.

hoggle laughs derisively.

hoggle: baby snatchin'! that's low.

sarah: so i've just got to do something!

hoggle: like what?

sarah: get freddie back, of course!

hoggle: then ya'd have ta make it through the labyrinth, 'cause
jareth's castle is at its very center.

sarah looks at the gates and gulps.

sarah: is it difficult?

hoggle snorts with derision.

hoggle: is me prize shrub crushed into oblivion?

sarah is reaching the breaking point.

sarah: look, i'm sorry about your bush! but it's not like i asked to
have some weirdo come and take my baby brother and then drop me out
of the sky!

hoggle: well, i didn't ask for some overgrown flower fairy to drop on
me prized possession, neither!

sarah: oh, this is ridiculous!

and she stalks off to the gate, mumbling all the way.

sarah (to herself): ... standing here wasting time talking to some
weird guy who should be living under a bridge ...

she is almost at the gate when she freezes with fear. through the
gate she can hear the cheers and jeers of the goblins, and what might
be the wailing of their poor captive. there's no way she wants to
risk facing that horrific crew. hoggle has come up behind her and as
she backs away from the gate she bumps into him. she shrieks and
whirls around.

hoggle: that ain't the only way in, ya know!

sarah is very relieved to hear this.

sarah: it's not?!

hoggle: course it ain't. there's many a route in ... just only one
way out.

sarah: well show me one! i've got to find my brother!

hoggle sighs impatiently. be fingers a belt that he wears, rattling
it in an obvious manner. it in hung with every kind of watch and
bracelet and ring you can imagine.

hoggle: information like that has a price ...

sarah, taken aback by the amount of loot he's acquired.

sarah: i could give you this ...

she takes the gold circlet off her head. hoggle isn't interested.

hoggle: i had sumthin' o' this caliber in mind ...

he takes her hand and we see that she is wearing a beautiful ruby
ring. sarah shakes her head vehemently.

sarah: no. my mother gave me that.

hoggle eyes it greedily.

hoggle: she could give ya another ...

sarah: no, she couldn't. (sadness crosses her face suddenly) she
lives real far away ...

the sadness disappears just as suddenly. she holds out the circlet.

sarah: this is all you get.

he grabs the circlet and bites it.

hoggle: bah! it's paste!

something catches sarah's eye. it is one of the tiny flower fairies.
she leans over for a better look.

sarah: no it's not, it's plastic.

hoggle's eyes light up at that and he grunts with satisfaction as he
strings the circlet onto his belt. sarah reaches out her hand to the
fairy.

sarah: what a beautiful little thing ...

hoggle reaches for the spray can.

hoggle: let me at it!

sarah is enraged.

sarah: you murderer! how can you kill such beautiful creatures?!!

just then the fairy gives sarah a vicious bite. she shakes it off her
hand and cries out in pain.

sarah: it bit me!

hoggle quickly sprays the offending fairy and it falls to the earth,
screaming all the way.

hoggle: of course it bit ya! there's nuthin' more vicious than a
flower fairy. any fool knows that!

sarah sucks on her wounded hand and tries not to cry.

hoggle (sighs): but you don't know nuthin', do ya?

a tear trickles down sarah's cheek. hoggle sighs.

hoggle: i got a feelin' i'm gonna regret this. (he stalks off) come
with me an' i'll show ya a way in.

sarah hurries after him. as they walk along the endless wall hoggle
looks at the circlet and polishes it on his sleeve.

hoggle (thrilled): plastic!

