40	ext: clearing - day

sarah's pov - four goblins are torturing a huge creature (ludo) that
they have hung by his ankle from a tree limb. they have also taken
pains to bind the creature, who it is obvious could take an most of
them and win in a fairer fight. he is about nine feet tall,
powerfully built, and his screams of frustrated agony are truly
unbearable. the goblins have devised a unique method of harassing
him. they all carry long sticks which have small, fierce, biting
creatures on the end of them. the goblins bat their sticks at ludo,
who bellows and tries to swat back. since he is tied, the nippers are
free to bite him whenever they get near.

another angle

sarah, distraught, peeking out from behind a hedge.

sarah: the poor thing!

hoggle peeks out from behind sarah, then quickly ducks back. sarah
looks for a way to stop the torture. she picks up a rock and
carefully aims it at the nearest goblin. it hits his head and knocks
his helmet visor over his eyes. blinded, the goblin lurches around,
swinging his nipper stick at the other three.

blinded goblin: hey! who turned out the lights?

the other goblins see a new target and poke their nipper sticks
towards him. he takes off and runs blindly into the hedge maze. the
other three chase him, carrying the nipper sticks upright no that we
can see their progress in the bg.

another angle

sarah desperately tries to untie the huge knot that holds ludo
suspended upside down. she can't undo it and yells for hoggle

sarah: get out here, you coward!

hoggle appears from behind his hedge. he hesitates, then pulls a
dagger from his belt and joins sarah. he cuts through the rope in one
hack, and ludo falls to the ground with a thud.

another angle

the nipper sticks start yammering away as they see sarah and hoggle
freeing ludo over the top of the hedge. the goblin chase stops and
they head back to the clearing. hoggle dives for the bushes but a
determined sarah stays and pulls off the ropes. when ludo is free, he
picks up a huge log. as the four goblins come roaring back into the
clearing, ludo waves the log over his head. the goblin charge
immediately shifts into a goblin retreat, the nipper sticks yipping
in fear.

another angle

ludo puts down the log and sits, his big shaggy head hanging down. he
taken one hand and wipes away a tear.

ludo: ludo ... hurt.

sarah's heart breaks. this thing is the ultimate stuffed animal.

sarah: is that your name? ludo?

he nods and wipes away another tear.

ludo: goblins ... mean to ludo.

sarah: oh, i know! they were terribly mean to you. (she moves closer
and pats his arm) but it's all right now.

ludo sniffs and then breaks into the most endearing big dumb smile
you have ever seen.

ludo: friend!

sarah: that's right, ludo! i'm your friend. i'm sarah.

ludo: sarah ... friend!

hoggle has come out from hiding during this exchange. he finds the
whole scene a bit nauseating. and an unnecessary nuisance. if there's
one thing he doesn't want, it's competition for sarah.

hoggle: i think i'm about ta be sick.

they ignore him and ludo grins for all he's worth as sarah beams up
at him. hoggle pulls her over to one side.

hoggle: i hope yer not thinkin' o' lettin' the beast traipse along,
missy. he'll just slow us up.

sarah: are you kidding?! he'll be a great help! the goblins are
scared of him because he's so fierce ...

just then ludo shyly offers sarah a flower that he has just picked
for her. she takes it and smiles at him.

hoggle (sarcastically): i sees what ya mean.

sarah shrugs and gives ludo a pat. hoggle sighs with frustration.

hoggle: i just thinks we was doin' fine on our own.

sarah: and we can do even better with ludo. (turns to ludo) you want
to help me save my baby brother, don't you, ludo?

ludo: save ... baby. good!

sarah nods with satisfaction and strides into the hedge maze. ludo
right behind her. hoggle follows, clearly unhappy.

