48	ext: forest - day

the wild things are leading sarah on a rocky path. she stumbles along
but they couldn't care less.

sarah: are you sure this is the way to the castle?

wild thing 1: oh, did you say "the castle"?

wild thing 2: i thought she said hassle!

wild thing 3: i thought she said rassle!

wild thing 1: rassle! that's a _wild_ idea!

he leaps on sarah and she flings him off.

sarah: ok, guys, fun's over.

she starts to leave and they pull her back.

wild thing 2: over! it's just begun!

and then the musicians are back and the dancing gets wilder than
ever. the wild things totally surround sarah, and though they aren't
hurting her, they are definitely not letting her out. what they do is
start throwing their heads at each other and switching them.

wild things 1, 2 & 3: now this is _really_ wild!

another angle

a door opens in a nearby boulder and ludo appears. in the background
we can see and hear the wise one as he wanders off.

wise one: ... very often preceded by a porch, or portico, also
verandah, and followed by a vestibule, otherwise known as an
antechamber or foyer ...

hat: why me?!!

the door closes. ludo sees sarah in the middle of this weirdness and
is just a bit confused. sarah sees him amidst the flying heads and
cries out in relief.

sarah: ludo!

ludo: sarah ... not ... want ... castle?

sarah: are you kidding?!! get me out of here!!!

ludo approaches the wild things and grabs a head before it reaches
its target and calmly tosses it into the trees.

wild thing 3: hey, big fella! that's a little _too_ wild ...

but there's no time to talk because ludo calmly catches the other
heads and tosses them away. the bodies go scurrying after their
heads, followed by the musicians. sarah is free.

sarah: oh, ludo! i'm so glad you're here!

she gives him a kiss and he beams.

sarah: where's hoggle?

ludo: hoggle ... in ... bad ... door.

sarah: we've got to find him! do you think we can?

ludo is very confident. he spent a lot of time with the wise one.

ludo: ludo ... knows ... doors ...

he ambles off with sarah following.

ludo: also ... portal ... or entrance ...

