28	int: corridor 2 - day

sarah and hoggle are sitting on the floor.

sarah: do you think jareth will give freddie back if i make it on
time?

hoggle: it's hard to say, missy. but if i were you, i'd worry 'bout
first things first.

sarah: what do you mean?

hoggle: i means ya got ta find the castle before ya can go savin' the
babe and i mean ta see that ya do!

sarah is thrilled and leans over and gives him a kiss on the cheek.

sarah: oh, hoggle! thank you, thank you so much!

hoggle gets all flustered and tries to act gruff.

hoggle: seems to me i could be gettin' that ring from ya after all if
i plays me cards right.

sarah regards him affectionately.

sarah: i know you don't mean that. you're helping me because you're
really nice.

hoggle: i ain't nice! i just likes the way ya stood up ta him is all.
(he is thoughtful for a moment; almost to himself) too bad more've us
haven't had the guts to do the same.

the worm reappears.

worm: how about a biscuit? the missus just took a fresh batch out of
the oven.

sarah: thanks, but we really don't have any time. we've got to get to
the castle.

hoggle: ya wouldn't happen to know a shortcut, would ya?

worm: well, you might try taking that first left.

sarah and hoggle look down the corridor.

sarah: but there isn't any left turn.

just then a strange figure seems to come through the left wall and
walks toward them. he is dressed in long flowing robes and wears a
hat shaped like a bird.

worm: see, there's a left turn right there, where that wise one just
came in.

sarah: a wise one! maybe he knows the best way to the castle!

hoggle: i wouldn't bet on it.

but sarah is excited about the possibility of getting more help.

sarah: excuse me, sir. could you tell us the best way to get to the
castle?

wise one: the best way to the castle, hmmm. i'm glad you asked that
question.

to sarah's and hoggle's surprise, the hat joins into the conversation.

hat: now you've done it, gone and asked him a question. we'll be here
all day!

wise one: a castle, or fortress, or as it is sometimes known, a
stronghold or citadel -- or, that which has a turret and barbican,
but usually not a portcullis ...

hat: what did i tell you? there's no stopping him now.

wise one: ... often there is a rampart or bulwark, and then a parapet
-- perchance an actual vallum or counterscarp ...

hat: shut up down there!

wise one: ... and for entrenchment; a moat, drawbridge and sally-port
...

sarah looks at hoggle.

sarah: this was not one of my better ideas.

hat: well, i told you that, didn't i? but nobody ever listens to me!

he looks down at the still mumbling wise one.

hat: enough! nobody cares!!

the wise one blinks and looks at sarah and hoggle.

wise one: did one of you say something?

sarah thinks quickly.

sarah: oh, no. we never talk to strangers.

wise one: that's very wise. an idea worth savoring.

hoggle nudges him.

hoggle: yeah, but keep it under your hat!

hoggle thinks this is hilarious. the hat doesn't.

hat: ve-ry funny!

the wise one continues on his way.

wise one: the stranger, hmm. i'm glad you brought that up. the
stranger; one not indigenous, also known as the alien, or one from
beyond the sea ...

hat (hysterical): i quit! i can't take it anymore!

and then they are gone, passing through the righthand wall as if it
wasn't there. sarah watches after them, stunned.

sarah: how did he do that?!!

hoggle: and how can we make sure he doesn't come back?

sarah gives him a look and turns to the worm.

worm: just go over to that bit of wall there and walk right through
it. the important thing is to forget what you think you know. it
doesn't apply around here.

sarah and hoggle walk down to the part of the wall where the wise one
entered. once there, they can see that a section of the wall is
actually a passageway-width behind the rest of the wall. sarah yells
back to the worm.

sarah: thank you! and tell the missus we're sorry we missed her
biscuits!

and then they walk through the wall and are gone.

