30	int: castle - day

jareth's great hall. he stands by a window and looks out over the
labyrinth -- from this vantage point he can see clear across it: the
hovels that surround the castle walls, the arid plain that leads to
the dense forest, encircling that, the complex maze. he seems lost in
thought. the white bird enters the window and lands on his shoulder.
behind him freddie is having a grand time. his slippery crawl is too
much for the goblins that scurry about, trying to mind him.
meanwhile, a particularly stupid looking goblin begins to approach
jareth. he saunters across the room and is stopped short by a female
goblin. she grabs hold of his shirt and hisses a warning.

female goblin: remember! it's bow and scrape ... bow and scrape ...

the stupid goblin nods and she lets him go. he then continues his
approach to jareth, only this time he does a little bow and then
scrapes his foot across the floor, then repeats the action.

stupid goblin (to himself): bow 'n scrape ... bow 'n scrape ...

jareth turns and sees the goblin.

jareth: well, what is it?

the goblin can't answer and do his bow-and-scrape at the same time so
continues his painfully slow approach.

stupid goblin: ... bow 'n scrape ... bow 'n scrape ...

annoyed, jareth walks over to the goblin and lifts him up by his
shirt front. the goblin is still bowing.

jareth: i said, what is it?!!!

stupid goblin: th ... the girl and hoggle, sire. th ... they're
halfway th .... through th ... the maze.

jareth drops the goblin hard on the floor. freddie sees this and
laughs with delight. jareth walks over and scoops the baby up in his
arms. he then carries him over to the window. he calls over to an
armed goblin by the door.

jareth: i think it's time they had some company.

armed goblin: yes, sir!

be then salutes, causing his visor to close on his face, then
stumbles around looking for the door. jareth shakes his head.

jareth: you'll make a much better goblin than that, won't you,
freddie!

freddie's response is to clap his sticky baby's hand on to jareth's
face. jareth, pretending he doesn't mind, carefully removes it. he
then looks down to the courtyard below.

