85	int: jareth's chambers - night

sarah falls right on to a magnificent huge bed. opposite her jareth
sits in a chair. freddie, wrapped in a blanket, is gurgling on his
lap. sarah reaches into her pocket and pulls out the watch. it is a
few minutes before 13. jareth stands up.

jareth: there's still time.

he gestures to a clock on the wall that shows the same time as her
watch. he places freddie into a cradle and comes over to the bed. he
looks down at her.

jareth: besides, i'm no longer interested in having a little goblin
prince. i've decided i'd much rather have a queen.

he looks into her eyes for a moment. sarah doesn't look away.
instead, she slowly eases herself off the bed and stands facing him.

sarah (archly): a queen? have you chosen anyone i know.

she glides by him and walks to the window. jareth chuckles
appreciatively.

jareth: you've come a long way, little girl.

sarah looks out at the labyrinth.

sarah: i certainly have.

she turns to face him.

jareth: yes, i can see it in your eyes. (he moves closer to her) no
one else has ever made it this far in the labyrinth, no one else has
ever been worthy ...

he takes her hand and brings it to his lips. she smiles
down at him.

sarah: what's your offer.

jareth stands quickly and looks at her. she certainly has come a long
way!

jareth: why, everything ... you'll rule by my side.

sarah: everything? the chance to spend my life surrounded by
repulsive goblins ... the chance to torment innocent creatures ...

jareth (shaking his head): ... the chance to never have a care in the
world, to never have to do anything that you don't want to do.

sarah looks at him.

sarah: anything else?

jareth (smiling): why, me. of course.

sarah surreptitiously eyes the clock. there is about a minute left.
she glides away from the window and tries to position herself closer
to freddie.

sarah: and what if i'm not interested?

jareth reacts with surprise for a moment, then shakes his head.

jareth: impossible. i know you, i know what you want ...

sarah: well, i've got news for you, jareth.

she makes a beeline for the cradle.

sarah: i don't want _you_!

she's almost at the cradle but jareth grabs her arm and stops her.

sarah (shocked, enraged): why, you miserable creep!

jareth has hold of her arms but she breaks away and hauls off and
punches him in the jaw. jareth steps back, stunned. sarah scoops up
the screaming freddie.

sarah: how could you do this to an innocent baby?!!

jareth stands rubbing his jaw, snivelling, stunned.

jareth: you hit me!

sarah, freddie in her arms, goes right up to him.

sarah: and i'd like to do more ... you, you ... !

she is furious and wants to hit him again badly. since she has the
baby in her arms she makes do with kicking him hard in the shin.
jareth howls and grabs his leg.

sarah: i wouldn't want you if you were the last ... _goblin_ on earth!

the white bird flies through the window and lands on sarah's
shoulder. jareth puts his hands on his ears.

jareth: don't say that!

but it is too late, he starts shrinking.

jareth: look at me! (whining) how could you do this to me!

before sarah's eyes jareth turns into an undersized, ineffective,
snivelling little goblin. the features are those of a goblin, but
still recognizably jareth.

