46	ext: forest - day

sarah is in a very thick, creepy part of the woods. she is clearly
lost. she gets herself tangled in a thorn bush, and struggles with it
to get herself free. finally she does, and then, frustrated, sits
down on the ground.

sarah: why does everything have to happen to me?

but there's no time to think about that because she hears the sound
of a driving drum rhythm and then a wild-looking, spindly, leering
little creature comes scampering through the trees and into the
clearing; and then another, and another and another. sarah is
terrified as they approach her, but then not so terrified because the
creatures aren't doing anything except dancing; wild, loose-limbed,
frenzied dancing. sarah laughs, and can't help but be taken in by the
wild spectacle. and then they begin to encircle her, still moving to
the wild rhythm.

sarah (laughing, moving): what are you?

wild thing 1: we're wild things, baby! wild!

wild thing 2: wild and free!

wild thing 3: get down!

and then more wild things appear, and these produce instruments. as
and turn the drum rhythm into a frenzied upbeat number.

wild thing 1: you call that wild! i'll show you wild!

and then he does an amazing thing, to say the least. he takes his
head off and rolls it along his arms from hand to hand like a
juggler, then tosses it high in the air and deftly catches it on his
shoulders. sarah gasps and tries to get sway but another wild thing
pushes her back into the middle of the melee.

wild thing 2: cut me some slack and move on back!

and they do, and, moving to the pounding rhythm, he takes his eyes
out of his head and waves them at sarah. he then tosses them on the
ground as if they were a pair of dice. they land at sarah's feet
looking straight up.

wild thing 2: snake eyes!

sarah is fascinated and repelled. and the beat gets hotter and the
frenzy more frenzied and she can't help getting a little wild
herself. she begins to really dance.

wild thing 3: that's it, baby, get wild and free! but you'll never be
as wild as me!

and to prove it he takes his head off and begins to dribble it like a
basketball. wild thing 1 leans over to sarah and whispers
conspiratorily.

wild thing 1: i wouldn't call that really _wild_, would you?

sarah: well, it's ... uh ... sort of ...

wild thing 1: i'd call _this_ wild ...

and he takes off his head, puts it on the ground as if it were a golf
ball, and then removes a leg and uses it as a golf club. the head
goes flying, right to sarah. sarah catches the head, then tries to
get it back to its body but the body dances into the middle of all
the other wild things and she can't find it. so there's sarah,
running around like a chicken with two heads when suddenly the ears
start to flap and the head flies out of her hand. a wild thing grabs
her hand and turns her around.

wild thing 2: that was _wild_, baby. (he starts to dance) now how
'bout gettin' wild with me?

but sarah has had enough.

sarah: i think i'll sit this one out ...

wild thing 1: not with us you don't ...

wild thing 2: 'cause we're _wild_!

and then they're all over her, like a bunch of hyper puppies, and
it's really too much.

sarah: enough! i've got to find the castle!

wild thing 2: well, why didn't you say so, baby!

wild thing 3: that's a _wild_ idea!

and then his head flies off and he has to quickly grab it and put it
back and meanwhile the others start pushing and pulling on sarah and
propel her into the woods.

wild thing 1: they got some wild goings on at the castle, baby!

