51	int: clearing - day

the threesome emerge into a clearing and see that they have come to a
wide fissure that goes off in either direction as far as the eye can
see. it is spanned by a rickety bridge held by two thick wooden posts
on either side of the gap. sarah eyes the bridge warily.

sarah: it doesn't look too strong but we don't have much choice ...

suddenly they are interrupted by a high-pitched, but powerful voice.

voice (vo): halt! halt or be slain forthwith!

at first they don't see a thing and look around for the source of the
voice. then, the imposing 18 inch high figure of didymus, resplendent
in rakish hat and swashbuckling sword, emerges from behind one of the
posts and stands in front of the bridge. ludo and sarah are
dumbstruck. hoggle, however, is not at a loss for words.

hoggle: out of our way, ya wretched little rodent ...

didymus looks directly at hoggle.

didymus: you, sir, shall be the first to feel the point of my sword!

hoggle snorts with derision and sarah tries a more sensible approach.

sarah: please, we really have to cross this bridge. it's a matter of
life and death!

didymus shrugs elegantly.

didymus: under any other circumstances i would hasten to oblige you,
fair damsel, for your mission sounds a worthy one.

sarah: oh, it is!

didymus: but i am sworn. without my permission, none may pass.

sarah throws up her hands and hoggle mumbles under his breath. it
appears to be up to ludo to break the deadlock. he lifts didymus up
into the air and moves him to one side. they then start to walk
toward the bridge and didymus chases them, brandishing his sword.

didymus: you dishonor me, varlets! en garde!

to his chagrin they ignore him and keep walking.

didymus: rapscallions! duel ... or _die_!

this gets their attention and they turn to look at him, annoyed.

hoggle: what _is_ this weasel babblin' about?

it is too much for didymus. he flings himself at hoggle with a mighty
war cry. hoggle tries to run for it but didymus is right behind him,
administering more than a few pinpricks in embarrassing places.
hoggle dives behind a bush and didymus sniffs at his cowardice. he
comes back and faces ludo.

didymus: it is you i want, rogue of rogues. you who dealt me the
gravest affront!

and with that he jabs ludo in the foot! ludo is stunned, and howling,
begins to hop on his good foot. didymus, his head thrown back for a
triumphant yell, goes after ludo with his sword flashing and there is
nothing for ludo to do but pick up a branch and defend himself. it is
the most mismatched duel in the history of chivalrous absurdity
didymus moving at an incredible speed, parrying the mighty swipes of
ludo's branch with great skill -- and no small amount of difficulty.
and ludo fending off the incessant pinpricks of the little sword,
leaping about with surprising agility -- and at a rate that exhausts
him totally. finally, the two of them, breathing heavily, lower their
weapons. and, to everyone's surprise, didymus throws down his sword.

didymus: i no longer wish to slay you, for you are a truly noble
knight.

then didymus strides up to him and, craning his neck, attempts to
look ludo in the eyes.

didymus: destroy me if you will.

ludo quickly drops his branch in response. the whole thing has upset
his gentle nature terribly. didymus then holds out a tiny paw.

didymus: never have i met my match in battle, yet you, noble knight,
have fought me to a standstill.

ludo kneels and tentatively takes didymus' paw into his own huge hand.

didymus: let us be brothers henceforth, and fight for the right as
one!

sarah cheers and hoggle, unimpressed, rubs his sore rear. ludo
smiles from ear to ear.

ludo: ludo ... get ... brother!

then he and didymus exchange the ritual kiss on each cheek, which in
their case is not easily accomplished. sarah then turns practical.

sarah: well, now that that's settled let's get going.

she heads for the bridge but didymus blocks her way.

didymus: you forget my sacred vow, my lady. i cannot let you pass.

sarah is incensed.

sarah: but you said ludo was your brother! how can you refuse him?!!

didymus: i have taken an oath. i must defend it to the death.

hoggle, enraged, turns on ludo.

hoggle: some brother he turned out ta be!

ludo: brother ... good!

hoggle: well, if he's so good, why won't he let us get on with our
business?

ludo scratches his head. he has no idea. sarah sits down beside the
crestfallen didymus.

sarah: ok, let's handle this thing logically. what exactly have you
sworn?

didymus brandishes his sword.

didymus: i have sworn with my life-blood, no one shall pass this way
without my permission.

sarah: then may we ... _have your permission_?

didymus is stunned. hoggle and ludo barely breathe. slowly didymus
looks all around and then, with a courage greater than any he has
ever had to call on before, he says it.

didymus: yes.

and the sky doesn't fall, and the earth doesn't heave, and everything
is exactly as it should be.

sarah: thank you.

didymus breathes a sigh of relief and steps aside to let them pass.
ludo is the first one to go over and that is unfortunate. because the
rickety bridge collapses under his weight. sarah and hoggle jump back
on the ground near didymus just in time and poor ludo swings over the
deep fissure, hanging on to one of the ropes that held the bridge.
with a mighty effort he hoists himself up on to the opposite side and
looks forlornly over at the others.

sarah: oh no!

sarah crumples to the ground, and stares miserably at the broken
bridge.

hoggle: now see what ya done, ya mush-brained mammoth!

didymus: i, sir didymus, take responsibility for the actions of my
brother, my lady. lash out at me if you must.

sarah: i'm not mad at ludo, sir didymus. i'm just upset because time
is running out and i have to rescue my baby brother.

didymus is struck to the very roots of his chivalry.

didymus: you mean to rescue _a child_?!!

sarah: the goblin king took him, and i've only got ...

she takes out the watch. the hour hand is on the 5.

sarah: ... five hours to get him back.

didymus yells across to ludo.

didymus: is this your quest, too, my brother?

ludo: save ... baby.

didymus is overwhelmed.

didymus: then i shall join you, lady. i am at your service, upon my
sword.

he bows low before sarah and she smiles.

sarah: i happily accept your fealty, sir didymus.

hoggle frowns with displeasure at this latest development.

hoggle: this is all well an' good, missy. but we still got one little
problem.

they all look across the fissure at ludo.

ludo: ludo ... friends.

hoggle: yes, yes. we're friends. very nice. what's that got ta do
with us gettin' over there without a bridge?

ludo: rocks ... friends.

hoggle: we're wastin' our time, missy. let's you an' me go find
another ...

he is interrupted by ludo bellowing, which is followed by a
sympathetic rumbling. suddenly rocks pile in from both directions
until there is a pile in the fissure high enough for them to walk
across.

ludo: rocks ... friends!

sarah (laughing): they sure are, ludo!

she skips happily across followed by a sullen hoggle. didymus
whistles and is quickly joined by a tail-wagging sheepdog. sarah
gasps, he is the spitting image of her own merlin.

sarah: it's ...

didymus: ambrosius! my noble steed.

sarah laughs and shrugs. nothing surprises her in the labyrinth.

