3	ext: glade - day

it is an idyllic setting, warm and inviting. the late afternoon sun
washes everything with a pink glow. between the water and a line of
lush fruit trees is a flower-strewn glade. a figure emerges from the
trees and walks toward the water. it is a young woman dressed in a
flowing white dress that swirls around her in the breeze. the pink
light burnishes her hair and causes a gold circlet she wears on her
head to glow. she is breathtaking, a vision of innocence and grace.
she stops to pick a flower and then turns suddenly as if she has
heard something.

girl: is it you?

she takes a few hurried steps and then stops, smiling shyly

girl: your highness!

the girl curtsies deeply and then looks up through lowered lashes,
the shy smile still dancing on her lips. and then we pull back to
reveal a crown perched on a head of tight curls. we are looking
through the crown at the girl as she rises slowly, then looks boldly
at the prince.

girl: do not be swayed by my pleasure at the sight of you, my lord.
for though my father, the duke, has promised you my hand, i cannot
consent to be yours until the evil that stalks our land from highest
hill to deepest dale is ...

suddenly the girl stops speaking, a look of stunned confusion on her
face.

girl: ... from highest hill to deepest dale ... (her brow furrows in
concentration and then) damn!

she burrows one hand into the deep sleeve of her gown and pulls out a
rolled-up soft-cover book. she rifles through the pages.

the prince is not a prince at all, but a sheepdog wearing a tin foil
crown. he thinks his work is over and it's time to play and he lunges
happily towards the girl who isn't a princess or even a duchess, but
15-year-old sarah.

sarah is knocked over by the playful dog. beneath the gown which we
can now see is homemade and not very grand at all, we see faded jeans
and running shoes.

sarah: get off me, you monster!!

the dog grabs the book out of her hand and runs away with it, hoping
to be chased. sarah doesn't follow, she just sits up and pulls the
grass out of her tangled hair and sighs with frustration. the dog
comes back over to sarah, its tail wagging hopefully.

sarah: if you value your mangy life, merlin, you'll hand it over.

the dog obediently drops the book.

the book

on the cover it says, _meander's queen a play in three acts by robin
zakar_. sarah reaches for it and we hear a clock tower begin to chime.

sarah leaps to her feet.

sarah: oh no, merlin! we're really late! why does everything have to
happen to me!!!?

merlin prances around her happily, his foil crown in his mouth. sarah
pulls it out of his mouth and throws it in a nearby trash basket. he
rushes after it and peers into the basket, wanting to fetch.

sarah: it's all your fault, you miserable mutt!!

she hikes up her dress and runs into the trees. merlin whimpers and
tags along behind her.

