52	ext: forest - night

the edge of the forest. from here you can see the castle in the
distance, just across the dry, cracked plain. the sky is full of
stars. sarah, hoggle, ludo and didymus are sitting around a fire.

didymus: what will you do after we save the child, my lady?

sarah: take him home, of course! that is, if i can figure out how.

didymus: what is your kingdom like? do you have many knights to
defend your honor?

sarah: not even one.

didymus: it cannot be! what bitter place is this that does such
dishonor to my lady?

sarah: it's a place where ... where nobody really sees me.

ludo: ludo ... see ... sarah!

sarah: (laughs) i know you do, ludo. (she turns to didymus) and
thanks to you, sir didymus, i finally have a knight.

he bows graciously. hoggle, who has been watching this scene, feels
rejected and miserable. he gets up and wanders away from the fire.
after a moment, sarah follows him.

sarah: don't you feel like resting?

hoggle: i ain't tired.

sarah: me neither. what i am is hungry.

hoggle winces but sarah doesn't notice. sarah looks back at ludo and
didymus. ludo lies on his back snoring loudly. didymus dozes against
ambrosius' side.

sarah: they're both wonderful, aren't they?

hoggle: they're alright.

sarah: they're more than that! they're loyal and strong ... and with
their help i'm going to beat jareth!

hoggle shakes his head sadly. sarah speaks as an afterthought.

sarah: and yours, too, of course.

hoggle: i ain't no fighter ...

she shrugs that off and wanders away to look out at the castle.
hoggle goes through agony for a moment, and then makes a decision.

hoggle: missy ... if you're hungry ...

he holds out the peach that jareth gave him: the world's most
delicious looking peach.

sarah: oh, great!

she happily taken the peach and bites. it takes everything hoggle has
to not put his hands over his ears. she takes another bite and then
stumbles.

sarah (laughing): everything's dancing ...

she looks up at the sky, exhilarated.

sarah: even the stars are dancing!

hoggle turns and walks back to the fire. sarah stumbles about as she
gazes happily at the sky.

