27	int: corridor 2 - day

sarah emerges into the corridor and comes face to face with hoggle.

sarah: but ...

she whirls around to look behind her, then back at hoggle again.

sarah: ... but you were just behind me! i'm sure of it!

hoggle shakes his head as she runs by him and looks down at the floor.

sarah: my mark! it was right here!

hoggle comes up beside her.

hoggle: i told ya, missy. things aren't what they appear to be around
here ...

jareth (vo): except when they are.

another angle

jareth, in all his glory. sarah and hoggle whirl around and both gasp
with surprise and fear.

jareth: we meet again ... sarah.

sarah: where's freddie?!! what have you done with him!?

she starts to rush toward jareth but hoggle holds her back.

jareth: nothing ... yet.

he walks toward them and they automatically step backwards. he looks
down at hoggle.

jareth: and what have we here ... hoghead, isn't it?

hoggle is humiliated.

hoggle: me name's hoggle.

jareth: ah, yes. now i remember. (he moves closer to hoggle) you're
the greedy little coward who lives outside the gate. shouldn't you be
back there minding your own business ... hedgehog?

he chucks hoggle under the chin, and is quite rough about it. hoggle
fumes silently. sarah doesn't like this.

sarah: why, why don't you pick on someone your own size?

he looks her up and down.

jareth: whom did you have in mind?

sarah tries to brazen it out.

sarah: i don't have time for any games. i want freddie, and i want
him now!

jareth throws back his head and laughs.

jareth: ah, freddie. an adorable little imp. i'm really growing
rather fond of him.

sarah: where is he?!!

jareth: he's in my castle, and seems to be enjoying himself immensely.

he ambles toward them and they can't help themselves, they both step
backwards.

jareth: in fact, he likes being with goblins so much, i'm considering
turning him into one.

sarah thinks this is crazy.

sarah: you can't do that!

jareth (grinning): oh yes i can.

sarah looks down at hoggle and speaks under her breath.

sarah: can he?

hoggle nods glumly.

jareth: but let's make it interesting. i won't do it for ... thirteen
hours. if you make it to the castle before then you might be able to
save him. if not, well, i think little freddie will mike an adorable
goblin prince, don't you?

he laughs and holds up both hands and we see that they are empty. he
then closes them and when he opens them again there is a gold watch
in one hand. he throws it to sarah, but hoggle intercepts it and eyes
it greedily. annoyed, sarah snatches it out of his hand. she looks at
it and sees that it has 13 hours marked on it. when she looks up
again, jareth is gone.

worm (vo): well, good riddance to bad rubbish!

sarah and hoggle both jump and then look at where the voice is coming
from. it is a little worm, poking its head out of a hole in the
brickwork.

worm: that's what the missus always says, she does. why the last time
she found that one around here she sent him packing.

sarah: jareth?!

worm: she don't take to his kind of nonsense, that's for sure. now,
how about a nice cup of tea? the missus has a kettle on.

sarah looks down at hoggle, who shrugs. she then looks up at the worm
and gives him a beaming smile.

