     int. tavern basement - night

     tyler hits the floor, stomach first.  his opponent lands on
     top of him, grappling, trying for a choke hold.  the
     surrounding crowd, jack included, screams at them...

     tyler and the opponent wrestle desperately, and tyler flips
     his attacker, gets on top, sprawling to pin him.  tyler
     turns -- starts reining punches into the opponent's groin...

                                                      cut to:

     jack lands a couple of blows to his opponent's stomach --
     brings up a left uppercut that smashes the opponent's jaw.
     tiny spatters of blood adorn the walls, along with sweat.

     jack catches sight of a swollen-faced tyler, watching
     appreciatively, a smile growing slowly on his face.

                             jack (v.o.)
                 fight club wasn't about winning or
                 losing.  it wasn't about words.

     the opponent recovers, throws a headlock on jack.  jack
     snakes his arm into a counter headlock.  they wrestle like
     wild animals.  the crowd cheers maniacally.

                             jack (v.o.)
                 they hysterical shouting was in
                 tongues, like at a pentecostal church.

     onlookers kneel to stay with the fight, cheering louder.
     the opponent smashes jack's head to the floor, over and over.

                             jack
                 ... stop...

                             jack (v.o.)
                 when the fight was over, nothing was
                 solved, but nothing mattered.

     everyone moves in as the opponent steps away.  tyler pushes
     through the crowd.  others lift jack up.  they turn their
     attention to the floor, to a blood mask of jack's face --
     similar to the tear mask on bob's shirt.

                             tyler
                 cool.

     jack limply shakes his opponent's hand.

                             opponent
                 how about next week?

                             jack
                 look at me.  how about next month?

     everyone helps jack walk.  he's sweating, bleeding, smiling.

                             jack (v.o.)
                 afterwards, we all felt saved.

