int./ ext.  safe house - the assault - night

like a pack of feral creatures they face toward neville's
building and leap to the fire escapes on the front of the
building -- they can leap well beyond anything human -- their
talons grasp at the walls and masonry and fire escape, they
scurry up the front of the building like insects -- amazingly
fast --

neville fires down on them with the machine gun --

other hemocytes fling themselves against the front of the
building -- the front door is heavy wrought iron work -- they
smash through the glass but cannot penetrate the iron --
their talons slash to get inside --

the cacique remains standing on the street, observing his
troops --

the hemocytes climbing the fire escape suddenly discover they
have nowhere to go -- neville has cut off the fire escape two
floors below his -- they roar and snarl in frustration and
begin leaping up -- trying to find a hand hold anywhere --

on the roof above, neville sprays bullets down and hemocytes
are slaughtered as they climb the front of the building --
they spin off the fire escape and fall to the street --

his machine gun is empty -- doesn't even think about
reloading -- he grabs another machine gun from the edge of
the roof and fires down --

meanwhile, other hemocytes are sniffing around the building,
literally sniffing, following the scent of the prey -- they
follow the scent to the side alley -- to neville's secret
entrance!

but the hemocytes on the front of the building won't give up
-- neville is amazed as they leap up from the truncated fire
escape and begin climbing the walls -- grabbing onto window
ledges and bits of molding -- tenacious --

he quickly opens one of the jerry cans of gasoline and pours
it down -- igniting it with his zippo -- the flaming gasoline
thunders down on the hemocytes, just like boiling oil from a
medieval castle -- hemocytes catch fire and fall in writhing,
flaming heaps -- others continue to climb even as they are
burning --

neville takes down the last few climbing the front of the
building -- then he sees the hemocyte cacique suddenly race
from his position in the middle of the street to the side
alley -- neville quickly pursues him from around the edge of
the roof and sees that they have discovered his secret
entrance -- they are tearing at the wood of the door
relentlessly with their talons and teeth --

neville grabs a fresh machine gun and speeds down into the
penthouse -- through the penthouse and to the landing -- he
begins racing down the stairs --

meanwhile, the hemocytes tear through the door and pour into
the building --

on the stairs:

neville sees as they race into the lobby -- a terrific
explosion as one of them hits neville's trip-wire -- a
claymore mine sends hundred of ball-bearings blazing across
the room -- cutting hemocytes to pieces -- neville slams to a
halt on the stairs and opens fire -- his bullets smash down
into hemocytes and walls and furniture -- a chaos of fire
power -- but still they come -- another claymore explodes,
more hemocytes die -- they are now swarming up the stairs --
and leaping to the exposed elevator -- they climb the wrought
iron of the elevator shaft like spiders, impossibly fast --
neville fires at them but the bullets spark off the iron and
ricochet wildly --

he spins around and fires down the stairway again -- trying
to keep the hemocytes back but it appears to be a losing
battle --

a hemocyte finally reaches neville's booby trapped stair
section -- the stairs collapse and the roaring hemocyte falls
to the lobby below -- the other hemocytes simply leap over
the missing stair section and continue up --

neville retreats back up the stairway as he quickly rams a
fresh clip into his machine gun --

suddenly three hemocytes are above and behind him -- they
have scaled the elevator and are leaping down on him -- he
slams one to the side with his gun, it flies over the
staircase balcony and thuds to the lobby below -- he spins
and fires at another -- it contorts and flies away -- the
third is on him with flashing talons and compulsively
snapping jaws -- he rams the machine gun into its jaws
lengthwise and shoves it back, finally knocking it to the
side -- it immediately bounces up as he spins the machine gun
around and fires into it -- it explodes --

other hemocytes are racing up the stairs -- he spins back to
them and fires as he retreats -- then the gun is empty --

he instantly swings the machine gun around and uses it like a
bat -- swinging it wide, like davy crockett at the alamo --
he slams a hemocyte off the stairs -- and another -- but the
gun goes flying -- he snatches his pistol from its holster --
he fires as he turns and races up the stairs into the
penthouse, absolute panic --

he bolts through the apartment, to the roof -- he has only a
second -- the hemocytes are racing through the apartment
after him --

on the roof:

he grabs a jerry can of gas and tears off the top, and spins
around -- spreading a line of gasoline in a full circle ten
feet around him -- the hemocytes are now at the roof and
racing toward him -- he snaps his zippo open, and in one
clean move, strikes it against his leg and tosses it on the
gas --

an explosion of flame as the gasoline ignites -- the
hemocytes recoil from the flames.

and neville is trapped on the roof of the building inside a
circle of flame.

several of the hemocytes try to leap through the flames --
they ignite immediately -- neville shoots them with his
pistol as the burning figures try to get to him.

neville spins around, pistol ready.  the hemocytes circle the
flames.  stand off.

a bizarre moment of calm within the frenzy.

then neville sees him, the cacique.

in the roaring fire we can finally see a bit of a hemocyte
face through the clothing and bedouin wrapping.  we can see
the cacique's perverse cat's eyes and bit of skin.  except
there is no skin.  as if all the epidermal layers were
removed -- we see the veins, tendons, viscera and muscles of
the face.  we don't see a lot.  but what we do see is
ghoulish.

neville and the hemocyte cacique lock eyes through the
flames.  the cacique's feline pupils expand and contract
quickly in the flickering flame.  neville slowly raises his
pistol, points it directly at the cacique's face and pulls
the trigger.

click.

out of bullets.

the hemocyte cacique slowly smiles, a gaping smile of
discolored teeth like fangs.

neville instantly pops out the empty clip in his pistol and
hurriedly hunts through a pouch in his body suit for
another --

meanwhile -- the cacique suddenly snaps open his jaws and
emits a high-pitched call --

immediately the hemocytes face away from neville and leap
headfirst over the edge of the roof and scale down the
building like lightning, catching the fire escapes, ledges
and windows as they go --

neville finds a clip and shoves it into the pistol --

the cacique gives neville a final glare then leaps over the
edge as well --

a beat.

they have given up the battle, retreated.

neville is dumbfounded.  then he realizes.

sunrise.

the first hints of dawn are just glowing over the rooftops.

neville, however is still trapped in the ring of fire.  and
the whole roof is now beginning to blaze.

he quickly turns and aims up -- at the wooden frame of the
water tank above the roof.

he squeezes off shot after shot at a wooden leg of the tank
until, finally, the leg shatters and the tower collapses
over --

a torrent of water spills from the tank, it washes away
everything in its path -- including neville -- the deluge
roars him toward the edge of the roof -- he thrusts his hands
out -- vainly trying to find a handhold -- no good.  the
water rushes him up and over the edge of the roof --

he falls in the deluge and crashes to the fire escape two
stories below -- it collapses and falls to the fire escape
below that -- and the fire escape is still burning -- neville
is burning as well --

with the last strength he has in him, he throws himself back
off the fire escape -- through a window -- it shatters --

he lands in an abandoned apartment and rolls on the carpet --
putting out the flames that cling to him.

finally he lies on his back, exhausted.

robert neville has survived another day.

