ext.  safe house - roof - night

neville is preparing.  he smokes a cigar as he carries some
of the cache of weapons from the penthouse to the roof.  he
leans three machine guns along the edge of the roof at
various strategic points.

he pulls a tarp off come jerry cans of gasoline on the roof
and sets these at various points along the edge as well.  he
loosens the caps on the jerry cans.

his own machine gun, as always is at his side.

as neville prepares we note that an iron water tank on an old
wooden frame looms over the roof.

finally he is satisfied.  ready.

he stands in the darkness on the roof, smoking his cigar and
gazing over the city.

in the full moon we can see the cityscape of los angeles
everywhere around him.  we see towering shapes and
architectural silhouettes against the moon.  the unique
perverseness of this view is perhaps not apparent.  and then
we realize.  there is not a single light on anywhere.  the
city is black.

neville is taking in the desolation of the city when he sees
something in the distance.  or thinks he does.

he immediately tosses down his cigar and grinds it under his
boot.  he peers into the night.

a strange, undulating shadow is sweeping through the night
sky -- shifting and ebbing and flowing -- like a inky black
cape cutting and billowing through the sky -- closer and
closer to the building --

neville raises a pair of night vision goggles and looks --

suddenly he is surrounded by a huge flock of starlings -- the
birds swirl around him -- they block out the full moon -- and
then are gone, sweeping across the street -- they congregate
on a building across from him.

hundreds of them.  staring at him.

neville watches them, disquieted.  and then he hears it.

a chanting, a moaning, a whisper.  growing louder.

neville cautiously moves to the edge of the roof and peers
down the five stories.

the sound is louder now.  a tribal chant, an otherworldly
keening.

and then neville sees them.

the hemocytes.

this is our first extended look at them, and they are a
striking sight.  we see the band of about fifty, quickly
moving down the street.  hunting.  all wrapped in strange
combinations of clothing -- bits and pieces of the past and
the future collide.  some have totems or ornamentation
supplementing their clothing.  but all are swathed in a
manner that somehow suggests again, a bedouin tribe.  faces
are covered in gauze or wrapped in strips of cloth and we
cannot see much exposed skin anywhere.

and they are tall.  lean and muscular like masai warriors.

none carries a weapon.  they carry nothing.

and there is clearly a leader, a chieftain.  the hemocyte
cacique leads this tribe.  he wears unique and grisly
ornamentations of bone and skin.  he is the imperious figure
we saw before.

neville immediately moves away from the edge of the roof so
he cannot be seen.

he hears strange tribal chanting growing louder as they seem
to pass his building.  then the chant recedes a bit and then
stops abruptly.

neville waits.  no sound.

he carefully picks up the machine gun, goes to the edge of
the roof and peeks down.

the hemocytes have indeed passed his building by.  but they
are standing still, not moving.  they seem to be awaiting
instructions from the cacique.  all their backs are to
neville.

the cacique's head is swaying back and forth in a peculiar
way, as if he was trying to shake loose a particularly bad
crick in his neck.  this odd rhythmic motion is typical of
all the hemocytes, and particularly of the cacique.

neville watches as the cacique raises his head, as if he is
sniffing at the air.

what neville does not realize is that his cigar is not quite
out -- a thin stream of smoke floats up from a glowing
ember --

then -- too fast for any human being to move -- the cacique
swings his head around and he is staring straight at neville
-- sudden flash of the cacique's eyes -- cat-like -- inhuman
-- the pupils enormously large in the darkness --

neville and the cacique lock eyes.

then, without a moment's hesitation, neville raises the
machine gun and opens fire -- a few hemocytes are mowed down
instantly -- they contort under the incredible firepower of
neville's gun -- slaughtered --

the cacique jerks open his jaws and emits a high-pitched
sound -- an inarticulate, animalistic screech -- attack!

