ext.  wilshire boulevard - downtown - day

and we see it all.

we see scorched palm trees and shattered buildings; a
graveyard of cars and skeletons.  we recognize the landmarks
of the street and the deserted boulevard seems to stretch to
infinity.

it is staggering.

neville is at the intersection of normandie and wilshire,
peering east.  the moorish towers of the wilshire christian
church are directly to his left -- beyond that is the
monolithic equitable building -- and then the gaylord
building beyond that.

but neville sees only the deer.  they are congregating in
front of the driveway leading to the old ambassador hotel and
cocoanut grove nightclub.  they are lazily munching on the
grass that has invaded the street from the sidewalk and
broken through the asphalt.

the deer pay no mind to neville, who is about two blocks
away.

he cautiously opens his door, and very slowly, climbs out of
the rover.

painted on an abandoned bus behind him is some graffiti from
the apocalypse, huge red letters:  he is coming for you.
dream fast.

he raises the rifle and aims.  through his cross-hairs we can
see the deer closely.  he moves from deer to deer, finally
centering on a 250 pound buck.

above the deer there is a huge rotating billboard, build of
triangular panels.  the rotating billboard was constructed to
turn to three different images.  currently it shows an image
of michael jordan running.  it advertises a futuristic-
looking athletic shoe:  the nike millennium!  coming in 2000!

but some of the decaying panels have rotated in the wind out
of synch to the next image, so we see a strange mixture of
michael jordan and the next image:  a cheetah running.

neville follows the buck in his cross-hairs.  his finger
tightens on the trigger --

then, above the deer, one of the panels rotates in the breeze
-- it clanks into a new position -- the buck immediately
raises its head, alert -- neville fires -- the sound of the
shot echoes bizarrely in the dead city -- the buck lurches,
only winged -- the rest of the herd scatters -- the wounded
buck bolts --

the buck clatters down the driveway toward the ambassador
hotel --

neville leaps into the rover and tears the two blocks --
spins right into the ambassador driveway -- speeds down the
driveway and screeches to a halt --

he jumps out and instantly raises his rifle following the
buck, the consummate hunter --

the buck leaps in panic toward the entrance of the
ambassador --

neville follows the buck -- he fires.

neville lowers the rifle and approaches the buck cautiously.
it is dead.

he hoists it up on his shoulders and carries it back to the
rover.  he tosses it with a thud on the hood.

he quickly begins lashing it to the hood of the rover with
wire cable...

later...

the deer carcass is now securely bound to the hood of the
rover.  neville leans against the rover, gazing at the
ambassador.

he checks his watch, he checks the sun.  plenty of time.  he
decides to scavenge.

he grabs his machine gun and goes into the hotel...

