ext.  branson building plaza - day

the vultures keep a wary eye on neville as he approaches,
they shuffle this way and that and flare their wings wide in
warning, bobbing their heads up and down.

he stops dead -- his face betraying absolute horror --

human remains are smoldering before him.

the charred and blackened skeletons and torsos of about six
humans are grotesquely displayed around the playground of the
plaza.

some are dangling, suspended on wire from a swing set.
embers of smoldering fires are beneath each one.  oily, acrid
smoke trails up.  the figures are contorted and mutilated and
burnt, but clearly human.

and the glowing embers and still-rising smoke suggests this
was done very recently.

others are lashed to various pieces of playground equipment.
one is tied to a small carousel which rotates lazily in the
breeze -- the source of the strange, repetitive metallic
sound.

elsewhere on the plaza neville sees the signs of this small
band of humans.  two air force jeeps that have been slashed
to pieces as well as guns, clothing and water.

the vultures are plucking at the bodies.

neville stares in stunned outrage.  then he raises his
machine gun and fires a short burst.  the vultures scatter.

he stands without moving a muscle, looking around.  he alone
with the first "humans" he has seen in over two years.

then he becomes aware of a sound -- faint -- from one of the
jeeps -- he goes to it.

he glances into the jeep.  the radio is on.

he hears, very faintly, his own voice:

                     neville (v.o.)
          ... the tallest building downtown.
          you can't miss it... this is robert
          neville --

he switches the radio off.

the full enormity is sinking in:  they were ambushed trying
to find him.

he leans against the jeep, defeated.

his eye is drawn to a splash of red -- a bloody trail
streaking across the plaza -- as if someone had crawled away
from the carnage.

he follows the bloody trail and discovers --

a body.  not burnt.  slashed to death.

he kneels down and gently touches the body.

he cradles the body, swaying back and forth.

unspeakable torment.

                     virginia (v.o.)
          there's one thing we never talk
          about... you know we don't.  why
          aren't you sick?  everyone else...
          is dying.  or dead.  are you the
          only one who's going to survive?
          how can you live like that?  so
          alone.  god, i hope there are
          others.

