int.  neville's house - racquet ball court - night

he drags the hemocyte in and dumps it.

the racquet ball court in the house is large.  the wall with
the entrance door is entirely plexiglass.  above that wall is
an upper observation area for spectators to watch the game.
the upper area has plexiglass windows that can be opened to
allow direct access to the court below.

moonlight streams in from a huge skylight above.

he immediately leaves the court and slams the door in the
plexiglass wall shut.

a quick sequence -- we see him rooting around a work bench in
the garage for a tool box and some hardware -- we see him
welding locks and bolts into place on the racquet ball court
door -- the work makes him sweat, he strips off the top of
his body suit -- always keeping an eye on the inert hemocyte
-- at last he is satisfied.

it is locked in.  secure.

he looks in at the hemocyte, still unconscious.

the wire he used to bind the creature is cutting into it,
blood trickles from the wounds where the wire has cut through
the clothing and into the hemocyte's "skin."

he takes a pair of wire clippers from his tool box, steps
into the court and goes to the unconscious hemocyte.  he
snips the wire -- full attack! -- the hemocyte spins in an
instant and slashes at him -- a deep cut along one of
neville's forearms -- blood sprays along one wall of the
court -- he races out of the court -- the hemocyte bounds
after him -- almost on him --

but it goes for the blood instead --

neville slams the door shut and locks it as the hemocyte
attacks the wall -- it laps and sucks at the blood --
devouring every trace of neville's blood --

he watches, stunned.

then the hemocyte suddenly turns and flings itself toward the
plexiglass wall -- it slams into the wall -- the face
wrappings tear off a bit -- the gruesome visage is pressed to
the glass, the shifting feline eyes blazing -- it gnaws and
scratches -- trying to get to him.

the plexiglass recoils and quavers from the impacts but it
holds.

