int.  neville's house - day

through a long, dark corridor we see neville sitting on the
edge of a bed.  he snaps the alarm clock off.

he rises and begins his day.

neville moves from the bedroom and down some stairs to his
living room.  we see that his house is ultra-modern, huge and
meticulously clean.

we see that it is not the palos verdes house he shared with
virginia.

the enormous picture windows in his living room boast a
sweeping and dramatic view of the la skyline.  he does not
even look at it.

he passes an enormous wall of tech:  a huge tv, vcr and
hundreds of videos as well as a stereo unit with thousands of
cds.  the tech unit takes up an entire wall of the living
room.

he presses a button on the stereo as he passes.

"gimme shelter" by the rolling stones explodes from his
stereo as he goes about his morning...

--  neville stalks down a long hallway.  the walls on both
    sides of the hallway are completely filled with
    bookcases.  he has neatly stacked books on the floor as
    well.

--  he walks outside to the spacious back courtyard.  we can
    glimpse the slopping and modern angles and contours of
    the house behind him.  chickens roam the squawk around a
    large pen area.  he reaches through the chickens and
    collects some eggs.

--  we see him standing in his kitchen, drinking a cup of
    coffee.  one entire wall of the kitchen is filled with a
    huge street map of los angeles.  this is a collection of
    oversized pages from a plat book or ordinance survey that
    he has formed into a map.  he has covered the map with a
    sheet of clear plastic.  we see that he has written on
    the plastic with a grease pencil, dividing the city into
    eight sections.  one section, marked "sector a," the
    downtown area, has almost been completely and neatly
    blocked out with hundreds of tiny black x's.  little red,
    green and yellow marks denote various locations.

--  he opens a smaller map and looks at it.  this map shows
    the same downtown area, the same combination of x's.

--  he dresses for the day.  he pulls on a black kevlar body
    suit that looks like a high-tech diving suit.  he straps
    a diver's knife to one ankle.  the suit is equipped with
    a number of pockets and pouches with velcro flaps.  he
    tucks the smaller map into one of the pouches.

--  then he is in his garage, climbing into an enormous range
    rover.  in the garage we note a few gasoline and solar
    battery generators humming.  we also see the vague
    outline of a few vehicles covered in tarps.  also his
    armory:  a large, standing tool cabinet he has refitted.
    it contains a number of identical machine guns and a
    large stock of explosives.

--  his rover has been heavily modified to fit his needs.  it
    resembles a jeep outfitted for safari.  jerry cans of
    gasoline are strapped to the top.  wire mesh and heavy
    iron bars have been added.  two spare tires.  a high-
    powered hunting rifle is in place behind the driver's
    seat.

--  he starts the engine and roars out of the garage.  he
    speeds along his driveway to a towering, white wall with
    double doors of stern metal.  he climbs out of the rover
    and unlocks a number of locks and chains on the doors.
    he also pulls away a massive iron bolt like those on
    medieval castles.  he swings the doors open and drives
    through.

as he pulls away down his driveway to the street we finally
see the perspective and proportions of his chosen home.

the compound is high on a hill and white.  an impenetrable
concrete wall surrounds the entire estate.  neville has
supplemented the wall with coils of razor-wire.  above the
wall, we can see that the design of the house is modern and
sleek.

but most striking are the solar collecting panels.

almost the entire roof is taken up with slanting and
shimmering photovoltaic panels that blaze in the sunlight.
we also see a few three-blade wind power rotors spinning
lazily.

"gimme shelter" ends.

