int.  neville's house - racquet ball court - night

neville is now sitting on a chair inside the court.

he wears one of his body suits and his pistol rests on his
knee.  not taking any chances.

a bottle of wine and a wine glass are at his side.

as importantly, the court itself looks different.

neville has filled the court with things from around the
house.  a few chairs, books, knickknacks, towels, plastic
utensils, clothes.

he is trying to stir her memories.

she stands against a wall, ignoring everything, looking at
him.  her animal ferociousness is almost gone.

by now the skin-like patina is covering the hemocyte woman
completely.  it glistens in wet transparency and we can
barely see the bones and viscera beneath.

her "skin" is forming into a chalky, albino-like hue.

silence.

                     neville
               (very gently)
          what is your name?

she peers at him.

                     neville
          what is your name?

she tries to speak -- it is difficult -- disjointed syllables
are all she can manage.  the rudiments of language, garbled
and hard.  or it could be that language is impossible for her
and she is just echoing sounds.

                     neville
          what is your name?

she tries -- it is as if language is just beyond her reach --
as if she can't quite remember -- her mouth works back and
forth trying to form something.

nothing but eerie sounds emerge.

she slowly steps toward him.  he is wary.  his hand tightens
on the pistol, but otherwise he remains absolutely still.

she stands over him for a moment.

then she quickly snatches up the wine bottle.  she holds it
to her breast -- possessive -- and retreats into a corner.

neville rises and steps toward her.

he holds out his hand.

                     neville
               (gently)
          mine... mine.

she clutches the bottle closer.

he instinctively understands the complex roles of dominance
and submission of the animal world.  he drops his eyes and
backs away.

he stands across the court, eyes down.

a beat as she gazes at him.

then she slowly steps forward and sets the wine bottle before
him.

she backs away.

he picks up the wine bottle.

                     neville
          thank you.

he takes the bottle and wine glass and leaves the court.  he
carefully locks the door.  he glances back to her.  her
expression is one of cold resentment as he dims the lights.

he goes.

she stands for a moment and then kneels -- not crouches -- by
the clothes.

she touches the clothes.  it is as if she is trying to
remember some long lost dream.  she picks up a bathrobe and
very gently feels along the contours of the piece.  tactile
memories stirring.

and she begins making a sound.  a soft, repetitive sing-song
sound.  just the barest hints of structure -- of musical
tones.

