int.  store - day

it is his usual procedure as he makes his way through the
store and up some stairs.

at last he is on the second floor of the building.  tendrils
or wire, insulation and electrical cable hang down.  it is a
jungle of debris.

the rain pours in from the collapsing and decaying ceiling.

neville moves to a window directly across from the branson
building plaza.  it is an ideal vantage point to view the
whole plaza.

he carefully studies the plaza through binoculars.  rain
water trickles over him from the rotting roof above.

but he takes his time.  he is smart.

                     virginia (v.o.)
          i wonder if we should leave town.
          seems like everyone else is going.
          we could stay with my sister in the
          mountains, i guess.

then he stops scanning with the binoculars -- sees
something --

a single black starling is sitting on the jungle gym of the
playground.

                     virginia (v.o.)
          but what good would that do?
          nowhere's safe anymore.  we can't...
          escape.

the starling takes off.

neville continues to carefully scan the plaza.

                     virginia (v.o.)
          maybe you're right.  let's just...
          stay here.  it's our home.  and i
          want to die in my own home.

finally, neville is satisfied.

he turns to head downstairs --

crash -- the sodden floor completely collapses beneath him --
he falls headfirst toward the first floor below -- but he is
brutally jerked to a halt -- he swings forward and smashes
through the plate glass window of the first floor -- he is
hanging upside down -- dangling from one leg -- one foot is
trapped in cables and debris above --

he is unconscious, hanging in the store window like a side of
beef on display.

quick snap to black.

then we hear a steady, insistent buzzing...

we fade up to...

