int.  store - night

blood.

we see a pool of blood forming on the floor... we travel
up... we see neville's dangling hand, dripping blood... his
watch, the alarm buzzer sounding.

neville jerks awake --

it is night!

he twists in panic, still hanging down from one leg, the
cable and debris are cutting into his ankle and blood is
streaming along his leg.

he slaps the alarm buzzer off and jerks back and forth --

and then he sees them --

through the shattered shop window he sees the two hemocytes
moving across the plaza toward him --

in blind panic, neville tries to pull himself up -- tries to
get free from the debris that imprisons his leg -- can't --
he keeps checking back at the approaching hemocytes --

neville gives up on getting free -- no time -- and pulls out
his pistol -- but his hand is wet with blood -- the pistol
slips from his grasp -- in panic he snatches at it -- it is
just beyond his fingers -- can't reach it --

the hemocytes are nearing --

at last neville hunches up and grabs the diver's knife
strapped to his ankle -- he turns the blade in toward his
wrist, hiding it -- and lets himself dangle.

he is playing dead.

the hemocytes slowly approach, tilting their heads,curious.

neville does not move.

they finally see him from across the street and stop.  then
they move toward him, their jaws compulsively opening and
closing wide in silent communication.

neville does not move.

at last they are almost right upon him.

neville does not move.

they stop before him.  they slowly lean toward him -- inches
away -- their terrible jaws opening and closing --

neville does not move.

one reaches out and touches him --

an explosion of action -- neville brutally slashes the knife
up -- disemboweling one of the hemocytes with a single
stroke --

but the knife goes flying --

the other hemocyte roars and slashes at him -- neville
defends himself as best he can from his upside down position
-- he strikes out and flails with his arms and one free leg
-- he spins around in the assault -- views of the feral
attack when he is facing the hemocyte --

finally, with one strategic kick he sends the hemocyte flying
back -- it slams against a wall and slumps for a moment --
dazed --

neville immediately hunches up and with one incredible burst
of strength tears his ankle from the debris --  he falls
hard --

he quickly spins to the hemocyte -- the hemocyte is almost
up, almost ready to attack again --

neville snatches up his pistol and fires --

the hemocyte is dead.

neville shoves the pistol into the holster and quickly rises
-- gasps -- almost collapses again -- his ankle is in
torment --

he limps rapidly through the darkened store, lurches out the
back door --

