100	int. the council chamber in the cave - morning

this is a large situations room that is serving now as government 
headquarters. in a big, stuffed office chair behind a desk flanked 
with flags sits governor henry dickerson (former of florida, now of 
the world) a.k.a.... gasparilla.

at tables sit a dozen or so councilmen, dickerson's cronies from the 
old doral country club, close friends who were offered asylum in the 
private underground shelter. now they sit in council, "yessing" 
everything the boss man says.

a state prosecutor has a desperate-looking prisoner on the floor, 
standing with his hands cuffed.

prosecutor
he was found with a government-issue short-
wave transmitter in his quarters. he's 
charged with the theft of that equipment 
from a government installation and with 
possession of an illegal radio.

gasparilla munches on some fruit. he's a fat man with a handlebar 
moustache that makes him look like pancho villa. as an indication of 
rank we wears a military jacket but underneath is a hawaiian shirt 
with a bold flamingo and palm tree pattern. around his neck, nestled 
in the rolls of fat there, is enough gold to stake a small business.

prosecutor
i can only suggest that the court rule in 
favour of the ultimate penalty for this 
traitor.

gasparilla
you always recommend the ultimate penalty, 
tommy lee. you and rhodes.

we now see that rhodes is present, looking on with a smile.

gasparilla
all those...against...the ultimate penalty 
raise yer hands.

none of the councilmen move a muscle. gasparilla scans them slowly as 
he takes a big, wet bite out of a peach.

gasparilla
ya mean ta say nobody's gonna object to the 
ultimate penalty in this here case? well, 
what if i object? what if i object to the 
ultimate penalty.

the councilmen look nervous, apprehensive. gasparilla's flexing his 
power-muscles.

gasparilla
there's been a whole lotta swingin' 
influence and swingin' weight arountyere 
lately. does anybody at all give two shits 
fer what i think any more? well, i'm a-
gonna let this guy off. how d'yall like 
that? and i want the word ta git out i let 
'im off. i let 'im off. not this council. 
maybe i can improve my image rountyere.

the prisoner looks up at gasparilla, hatred boiling inside him. 
gasparilla meets his gaze with a power-mad sneer.

gasparilla
yer sentenced ta hard labour. stalag 
seventeen. a year.

prisoner
why don't you kill me! i prefer to die! i 
don't want to live with... with this kind 
of...sin!

gasparilla
well, piss on you, mister! i just saved 
your ass! you damn well better not go 
hollerin' like that in here!

prisoner
i spit on you! the ultimate penalty for 
you! burn in hell...for the ultimate sin! 
pig! all of you! pigs!

guards drag the screaming prisoner from the room. gasparilla flops 
back in his chair, flustered but unscarred. his skin is about a foot 
thick. he pitches the peach and grabs up a mango. mary henried enters 
the chamber and rushes toward an empty chair. gasparilla checks the 
docket on his desk, smiles, and looks up at mary.

gasparilla
well, miss henried, what a coincidence. 
you're just in time fer a case that seems 
ta concern you. guess you didn't care about 
the other proceedin's we been dealin' with 
here this mornin'.

mary
i'm sorry. i was...busy. in the lab.

gasparilla
well, you managed ta make it here jus' in 
time fer this case, didn't ya?

rhodes replaces the prosecutor on the floor. he smiles at mary 
pointedly as he starts his speech.

rhodes
sir. in the matter of the state versus 
private tyler, i don't want to...

mary
(standing) sir, tyler is innocent of any 
crime against the state. captain rhodes 
is...

gasparilla
(with a mouthful of mango) miss henried, i 
think you better...

mary
...captain rhodes is trying to...

gasparilla
(spitting a wad of chewed pulp into his 
hand) miss henried, shut the hell up!!!

mary's eyes indicate her frustration and anger but she does shut up. 
gasparilla plops the handful of fruit pulp onto the floor wiping his 
fingers on his military jacket.

rhodes
i don't want to take up a lot of time with 
this. mr tyler shot a prisoner against 
orders. there are eyewitnesses. i've 
reprimanded tyler and i've had him sent 
outside. it's as simple as that.

gasparilla
ya had 'im sent ta the stalag? that's all 
ya did to 'im?

rhodes
the prisoner was dying, sir. tyler acted 
out of a sense of mercy. i don't believe 
tyler to be dangerous, general. he just 
needs...discipline. two or three months 
outside will teach him...discipline.

mary
sir. it's quite clear that...

gasparilla
shut up, miss henried! i tol' ya b'fore!

mary
this is a travesty! captain rhodes is...

gasparilla
siddown, young lady! i done yup a shit-load 
o' favours and i ain't never yet asked fer 
nothin' in return! now how'd you like ta 
spend two weeks up t'the vegetable farm 
yerself? that's what it'll be if ya don't 
siddown an' shut the hell up!

mary checks herself. there's a perverse air of danger fuming off the 
fat general. his attitude toward mary has clearly changed. rhodes has 
been working on him. mary seems to have lost this round. she can only 
hope that's all she's going to lose.

gasparilla
now i think captain's punishment is fair, 
considerin'. in fact i think you ain't got 
shit ta complain about.

mary
(softly, carefully) i'm sorry, general, if 
i...spoke out of turn. it's just that...mr 
tyler is not here to defend himself. he has 
no representation. i don't believe due 
process is being served by...

gasparilla
listen, missy. i am the only due process 
that has ta be served aroun' tyere and one 
of the people doin' the servin' from now on 
is gonna be you. now you been prancin' 
aroun' the cave like yer ass was glass fer 
long enough! all that's

gasparilla
gonna change, young lady. now if you still 
got a statement you'd like ta make, you can 
jus' hold onto it 'til tonight.

mary
tonight?

gasparilla
that's right. 'bout eight, if that suits. 
we'll start out in my gymnasium an' 
progress on from there...to various other 
forms o' physical therapy.

mary shoots a hate-filled eye full at rhodes. the captain responds 
with a phoney look of sympathy.

