78	ext. somewhere in the jungle - night

darkness has fallen. the jungle is as black as the background on a 
velvet painting.

sarah is moving cautiously. she bumps into something, jumps back, her 
machete high, and freezes. cautiously she moves ahead...one 
step...another...another...

splash!!! she steps down off a hidden ledge into a knee-deep river. 
she manages to keep her balance but her machete falls into the water 
and drops to the bottom invisible in the dark silt. slowly she bends 
down and reaches into the water. a snake swims past just inches away. 
sarah recoils. before she can reach down again she hears a loud, 
animal snort followed by a great splashing sound. then another. she 
squints to see.

shapes approach on the black water. alligators, big ones, just their 
very tops showing as they move on a straight course toward the woman.

she backs up feeling for the shore, for the ledge behind her. the 
first zombie grabs her shoulders. she spins and sees the thing. it 
has one eye dangling out of its socket and there's a broken-off 
length of wooden pole stuck clean through its torso just under the 
left breast.

sarah smashes her rifle butt into the thing's head. again. again. it 
keeps coming. (so do the gators. they're getting to within a few 
yards.) sarah swings a fourth time. the zombie grabs her rifle. she 
pulls with all her might and the creature, hanging on to the gun, 
topples off the ledge and into the water.

when sarah starts to climb up on the ledge, another zombie lurches 
towards her from dry land. she spins around, looking for options. the 
gators are just about close enough to bite her ass and the zombie 
that fell into the river is rising up again, covered with moss and 
slime and looking pissed.

sarah faces the zombie on the bank. she has no choice. she aims her 
automatic. she's just about to fire when something flashes out of the 
darkness. it's a machete. it cleaves open the zombie's skull. from 
out of the night big john appears. he struggles to free his blade 
from the dead creature's head.

sarah scrambles up onto the muddy ledge. the gators are still moving 
in and the zombie, its moss-covered arms reaching out rigidly like 
the arms of frankenstein's monster, is growling ferociously (almost 
swallowing its own dangling eyeball in the process).

sarah
are you gonna pause to say words over the 
dead this time or can we be on our way?

without answering, john steams off through the bush pulling sarah 
along behind him, his big hand tight around her arm.

