98	int. the firing range in the cave - morning

blam!!! a red coat is firing a pistol right at the lens.

close on: a target, a flat, cut out silhouette of a man, black 
triangles painted on the instant-kill-zones, brain, heart. bullets 
strike the neck, the to torso, some ricochet off the wall behind. 
none hit the kill-zones.

mary henried enters. the place resembles a police department target 
range. red coats stand in stalls and fire down long alleys at targets 
which pop up against the opposite wall. the noise is deafening. two 
technicians are watching the shooters and keeping score. mary walks 
up to one of them.

mary
have you seen julie grant this morning?

technician
she should be in the behaviour rooms.

mary
she's not. hasn't shown up yet.

there's an off-screen groan, the sound of a zombie trying to 
communicate. mary turns and sees the tall red coat names bub standing 
in the closest stall trying to attract mary's attention. (he was the 
one rhodes referred to last night as "mary's pride and joy".) he is 
wearing western-style gun belts, six-shooter hang in holsters on both 
his hips. mary faces bub full with her body and delivers a military 
salute.

mary
good morning, bub.

bub replies with one of those pathetic sounds that obviously mean 
something to him. then he, too, salutes. mary pulls away, heading for 
an exit, but bub calls after her. he makes inarticulate sounds but we 
catch his drift.

technician
i think he wants you to watch.

mary
ok, bub. do your stuff.

bub turns towards the target wall looking like a gunfighter on a 
western street. there's a humming mechanical sound. katchung! a 
silhouette pops up. bub slaps leather...fast... lighting fast. both 
gun come up. blam-ka-blam-ka-blam-blam-blam-blam!!!

holes appears in the target...wop-woppety-whump!!! all in the kill-
zones, or damn close.

bub slaps one pistol back into its holster. he clicks open the shell-
chamber on the other, dumps the spent cartridges and begins to reload 
from his belt.

mary stares at the creature's back, mixed emotions showing on her 
face. bub turns to face her. dropping a bullet, he salutes again. 
mary hesitates, then salutes back.

mary
very good, bub. that's....very good.

