104	int. the ritz - dawn

sarah jumps, awakened by a voice and the loud pounding of rifles 
against the upright of the sleeping hut.

rhodes
reveille! reveille! rise and shine!

rhodes is standing near the entrance. four soldiers are doing the 
pounding. stunned, disease-ridden faces look up as citizens are 
awakened from sleep. fear sweeps through the place like a tropical 
wind.

rhodes
we found two white bees in the jungle with 
their heads chopped open. i want to know 
who's going outside the compound. i want to 
know how they're going out. i want to know 
why they're going out. until i get these 
answers...each morning...some of you will 
die.

without warning rhodes draws his magnum and...blam! blam! he shoots 
two cot people who happen to be at close range. they tumble to the 
dirt floor, dead before they hit.

rhodes scans the rest of the hut. he spots a familiar face, the 
prisoner from the council room, the one gasparilla saved from a death 
sentence. the man makes the sign of the cross, knowing what's coming. 
blam! blam! rhodes fires two rapid rounds and the prisoner's chest 
turns red. he flies off his cot into one adjacent, landing on top of 
a screaming woman.

rhodes and his men leave as abruptly as they entered. sarah is 
stunned. as people around her react with sobs and more screams, she 
locks her eyes on rhodes.

he is moving authoritatively down the street just outside the open-
walled structure. he passes within inches of sarah's cot which is 
right against the outside rail. her emotions well up inside her. she 
is about to jump out into the street when a big black hand grabs her 
arm. it's john, who has pushed through the gathering crowd outside.

sarah
let me go! i'm the one he wants. this is 
all happening because of me. if i turn 
myself in...

john
he's just finding another reason for 
bumpin' us off. don't ya see. he needs us 
ta die. he needs our bodies. 

behind john on the street toby tyler is looking on. he has heard the 
conversation. john turns and sees him. his eyes go dark with 
apprehension.

toby
it's alright. i'm a friend. i need help and 
so do you. what's a safe place to talk?

john
ain't no place safe.

toby
look...i know you have no reason to trust 
me. i've got friends in the cave. i got 
some stuff comin' out this mornin'. i'm 
gonna try to get off the island.

people are pushing in closer attracted by the commotion inside the 
ritz. toby has to make it fast. he whispers.

toby
i'm gonna have this stuff sent over to the 
hospital...

john
the hospital? (surprised, worried)

toby
yeah. my stuff's all marked with red 
crosses so nobody gets too nosey. meet me 
at the hospital after the supplies come in. 
maybe we can find a place there to talk.

john
maybe.

toby drifts off into the crowd. john and sarah exchange glances.

