77	ext. entrance two - evening

there's a hatchway in sight built into a concrete, bunker like 
structure. four or five soldiers are coming up out of the ground. 
they're armed with prods and rifles.

behind the men, lurching on unsteady feet, come a half-dozen of the 
living dead, all wearing vests of white and blue.

behind the lumbering creatures come a woman and a man both wearing 
white laboratory coats and carrying clipboards. the woman is mary 
henried, one of the top behaviouralists in the cave. (we'll learn a 
lot more about her later.)

the zombies are pushing through the undergrowth right in the 
direction of sarah and her friends. sarah shows some alarm at this 
but john calms her with a strong hand.

spider has seen the approaching danger. she silently draws a farmer's 
sickle from her belt. (with her other hand she draws a pistol for 
good measure.) bill mcdermott unarmed, nervously takes another 
swallow from his flask.

the zombies are getting closer. too close for comfort.

finally, mary henried and the others turn and disappear into the 
bunker. the last man down pulls the hatch shut.

the moment the coast is clear, spider and john jump up from cover. 
the others follow their lead. but it's too late. the zombies have 
spotted them. the creatures begin to growl and make agitated, ape-
like sounds. spider brings her blade up chest-high, ready to repel an 
attack. sarah lifts her own machete but john reaches over and takes 
it away from her.

john
give that to me. get behind me. stay behind 
me.

(sarah resists, not understanding, somewhat 
insulted.)

you ain't wearin' a vest. they been taught 
not to touch the ones with the circles. 
there ain't no hundred percent, all-a-time 
rules with the bees, but most-a-time they 
leave us alone. the colour on their vests 
tell ya how much schoolin' they got. it's 
the ones without colours you gotta watch 
out for.

sarah gets behind john, his orange circle acting as her shield. he 
reaches around with one strong arm and pulls her in tight against his 
back.

the zombies, snarling and showing teeth, move through the thicket. 
one shuffles right past spider and mcdermott. it gets stuck in the 
bramble, changes course and moves on without attacking.

another zombie, a "white", trudges within arm's reach of john, 
growling all the while. suddenly it reaches its arms out and takes 
two angry steps towards the humans who back away.

the zombies charges. things happen quickly. john pushes sarah away 
and swings the machete. the blade sinks into the creatures skull. 
blackened blood flies. an instant later spider's sickle punches in 
beside the big knife. the zombie twitches for a moment, its eyes 
rolling, then it falls, lifeless, to the ground.

mcdermott trots up beside sarah. he takes a huge swallow from his 
flask then offers some to her. she puts the flask to her lips but 
nothing comes. she holds it out, neck down, to show that it's empty.

mcdermott
sorry. guess i don't know my own strength.

john wipes sarah's machete on some thick leaves, cleaning off most of 
the gore, then he returns the weapon to the woman.

sarah
thanks. i can fight my own battles.

john
i know you can. like i said, we been 
watchin' you.

mcdermott
we better get as far away from here as we 
can. we can work the other side of the 
island tonight.

john
(explaining) we found nine entrances to the 
cave so far, and we ain't got the whole 
thing near charted yet. that's what we was 
doin' out here today. huntin' for 
entrances.

mcdermott
come on. they find a bee done like this and 
they'll know somebody's been out walkin' 
where they shouldn't have been.

john bows his head over the downed zombie. he mumbles softly. we 
can't hear the words but we can tell that he's praying, reciting the 
good words over the corpse of the "white-coat".

sarah
the man i was with...until today... 
believed that praying was for blind men who 
couldn't see the truth.

john
how we gonna break the curse without a 
prayer or two.

sarah
curse?

john
what is it if it ain't a curse?

sarah
it's a disease. it's a...a bug...a parasite 
that infects the brain.

john
that sounds like a curse to me.

sarah
we thought we were escaping here. we 
thought we'd found an uninhabited island. 
christ! this place is a worse nightmare 
than anything i've seen yet!

john
i'm sure that's true, miss. and that's why 
we're doin' what we're doin'. what's 
happenin' underground here is just what 
lucifer planned for this sinful race o' 
man. but we're gonna beat lucifer. we're 
gonna put an end to what's happenin' here.

sarah
oh, what did i run into? a bunch o' jesus 
nuts? religiosos? prayer won't stop a 
bullet from one of those storm troopers and 
prayer won't keep one of those monsters 
from eatin' your liver for lunch.

john
that's why we didn't use prayers on this 
here white coat 'til after he was 
destroyed. we ready to fight when we have 
to. and we gotta fight now.

sarah
look. i been fightin', mister. i been 
fightin' for what feels like a hundred 
years and i'm finished. i don't need 
religion. i don't need prayers. i need a 
couple guns and a couple hands. we can sail 
on outa here. find another island where 
there ain't so much....traffic.

john
you think you can find your boat? there's a 
thousand little inlets and backwaters all 
through here. you remember all the ways you 
turned to get where you are now? you leave 
yourself a trail?

sarah is stopped by this. she stares at the big man suspiciously, not 
sure whether to believe him.

john
we didn't see the exact spot but we know 
about where you landed. but we ain't ready 
to take you there. not yet. you see...we 
need guns, too.

sarah looks around her at the unlikely band of guerillas. she thinks 
for a moment...not very long...then she turns and starts off into the 
jungle.

sarah
i can find it myself. i didn't come that 
far.

john
farther than you think. you'll get lost. 
you will. and there's bees all through the 
jungle. i ain't lyin' to ya. religiosos 
don't lie.

sarah
no. they just try to hold you for ransom. 
fuck you, moses! i'm outa here!

sarah plunges into the brush and without so much as a look back over 
her shoulder she disappears.

mcdermott
we can't let her go, john.

john
we don't need her guns that bad. billy boy. 
(he's joking.)

mcdermott
the hell we don't! but that's not what i 
mean. she'll be dead in ten minutes out 
there alone. that or she'll be firin' off 
her automatics and wakin' up the troops.

john
we'll split up. billy, you go with spider. 
just an hour or two tonight, that's all. 
rhodes might have extra guards on after all 
the commotion. we'll meet up at number six 
and go back home together.

mcdermott
god save us. and me with me flask dry. i'll 
never make it.

the group splits up, moving off in two different directions through 
the darkening underbrush.

