	int. cabinet room - continuous

	other excom members draw near the board, its order of battle,
	strike maps.  they're grim, but fascinated.  empowering. 
	intoxicating.  sexy.  kenny sees it in the faces, even the
	president's.  adlai does too, is upset.

				adlai
		i still think there are diplomatic
		approaches we haven't considered yet.

	kenny looks at adlai.  the others around the room,
	embarrassed, don't respond.  the group has moved on and
	stevenson hasn't.

				general taylor
		we have high confidence in the expanded
		air strike option.
			(beat)
		the problem, mr. president, is that it's
		a short-term solution.  khruschev can
		send more missiles next month.  the
		chiefs and i believe we should follow up
		the air strikes with the full version of
		oplan 316.

				the president
		an invasion...

				general taylor
		yes, sir.  we can be sure we get all the
		missiles, and we remove castro so this
		can never happen again.

	kenny looks around the room at the men, the murmurs of
	general agreement, senses the consensus building and is
	agitated.

				the president
		is this the chiefs' recommendation?

				general taylor
		yes, sir.  our best option is to
		commence the strikes before the missiles
		are operational.  the invasion happens
		eight days later.

	the president leans back in his chair, turns to the man at
	the far end of the table: dean acheson, 60s, former secretary
	of state.  he sits silent, like some revered oracle, the
	architect of the american cold war strategy of containment.

				the president
		dean.  what do you think?

	acheson arches an eyebrow, and when he speaks, his voice
	resonates throughout the room, powerful, smooth, hypnotic.

				acheson
		mr. president, you have rightly
		dismissed the diplomatic option.  the
		soviet will only tie you down in
		negotiation, and leave us short of our
		goal, the removal of the missiles. 
		negotiating will do nothing more than
		give them time to make the missiles
		operational, complicating the necessary
		military task we have at hand.

	everyone in the room listens to him with rapt attention, his
	presence overshadowing the room, oracular:

				acheson (cont'd)
		for the last fifteen years, i have
		fought here at this table along side
		your predecessors in the struggle
		against the soviet.  gentlemen, i do not
		wish to seem melodramatic, but i do wish
		to impress upon you one observation with
		all conceivable sincerity.  a lesson i
		have learned with bitter tears and great
		sacrifice.
			(beat)
		the soviet understands only one
		language: action.  it respects only one
		word: force.

	kenny stares at the old man.  acheson's gaze finds his
	through the cigarette smoke.  acheson's eyes travel to the
	president.

				acheson (cont'd)
		i concur with general taylor.  i
		recommend, sir, air strikes followed by
		invasion, perhaps preceded by an
		ultimatum to dismantle the missiles if
		military necessity permits.

	taylor nods, vindicated.  the others murmur their approval. 
	bobby, at the table in front of kenny and to his left, trades
	a dire look with kenny.  this is happening too fast.  bobby
	holds his head, looks about at the others, deeply distressed.

	the president sinks back in his chair, staring at acheson.

				the president
		then it appears we have three options. 
		number one.  a surgical air strike
		against the missiles themselves.  two, a
		larger air strike against their air
		defenses along with the missiles.

	kenny eyes bobby.  bobby is writing something.

				the president (cont'd)
		and three, invasion.

	bobby looks over his shoulder at kenny, and reaches back to
	him with a folded note.  kenny takes it, opens it.

	it reads now i know who tojo felt planning pearl harbor.

				the president (cont'd)
		we're certainly going to do number one;
		we're going to take out these missiles,
		so it seems to me we don't have to wait
		very long.  we ought to at least be
		making those preparations.

	kenny gives bobby a curt nod.  bobby tilts his head at the
	president: pass the note on to him.  kenny rises, slips the
	note in front of the president.

	the president unfolds the note, and we hold on it and his
	reaction as in the b.g., out of focus, taylor speaks:

				general taylor
		yes, sir, we're preparing to implement
		all three options, though i must stress
		again, sir, there are risks to the
		strikes without the follow-on invasion.

	bundy clears his throat.  speaks from somewhere down the
	table.

				bundy
		you want to be clear, mr. president,
		that we have definitely decided against
		a political track.

	the president folds the note away, glances at bobby.  a beat,
	the president looks from bobby to acheson.

				the president
		dean, how does this play out?

				acheson
		your first step, sir, will be to demand
		that the soviet withdraw the missiles
		within 12 to 24 hours.  they will
		refuse.  when they do, you will order
		the strikes, followed by the invasion. 
		they will resist, but will be overrun. 
		they will retaliate against a target
		somewhere else in the world, most likely
		berlin.  we will honor our treaty
		commitments and resist them there,
		defeating them per our plans.

				the president
		those plans call for the use of nuclear
		weapons.
			(beat)
		and what is the next step?

	acheson sits back in his chair, smooths his moustache.  a
	dramatic beat, and then his ominous pronouncement rings out:

				acheson
		hopefully cooler heads will prevail
		before we reach the next step.

	a chill runs down kenny's spine.  he looks in shock to the
	president.  the president remains calm.  but in place of the
	fated look the president has had, there's a hesitation.

