		int. president's bedroom - day

	the president stands at his mirror, tying a bow tie to a tux
	for some sunday special event.  kenny gathers up his folder
	from nearby breakfast table.

	kenny meets the president's gaze in the mirror, and the two
	men know they have been to the same mountaintop.

				the president
		kenny...

	a beat.  kenny stands straight, ready for action, ready for
	some necessary thing.  ready to go back into the game.

				the president (cont'd)
		...never mind.  see you around, kenny.

	kenny starts to leave, but at the door, turns back.

				kenny
		you know...

	the president looks at him in the mirror.

				kenny (cont'd)
		...this was what we're here for.

	the president smiles an ever-so-faint smile.  kenny turns and
	leaves the room, vanishing, and as we hold on the empty
	doorway, the simple, whistled melody of o'donnell aboo drifts
	from the hallway beyond, becoming our end music.

	fade out

	super:

	shortly after the crisis president kennedy ordered a
	reassessment of u.s.-soviet relations, ushering a brief thaw
	in the cold war.  during this time, the washington-moscow
	hotline was installed to ensure that in a future crisis,
	miscommunication would not lead to nuclear war.

	the president was assassinated on november 22nd, a year after
	the crisis ended.

	the super:

	bobby kennedy ran for president in 1968.  after winning the
	california primary, he called kenny from the ambassador hotel
	in los angeles and told him, "i finally feel like i'm out
	from under my brother's shadow."

	bobby was assassinated minutes later.

	then super:

	the members of excom continued  to serve with distinction in
	government in various capacities over the next three decades.
	as lyndon johnson's secretary of defense, robert mcnamara
	urged containment of the soviet threat in every theatre of
	conflict around the world.  he ultimately advised president
	johnson to increase the u.s. military commitment to one of
	these minor backwater conflicts: vietnam.

	and finally super:

	kenny o'donnell witnessed the president's assassination from
	the car behind.  he went on to head the peace platform at the
	1968 democratic national  convention, fighting to end the
	vietnam war.  he died in 1977.



