	int. oval office - day

	kenny enters the office from his side door in the middle of a
	debate.  military uniforms dominate the room: general taylor,
	general sweeney, and a host of briefing officers.

				general taylor
		the situation is worse than we thought. 
		we count 40 missiles now, longer range
		irbms.  they can hit every city in the
		continental u.s.

	the president stares out the window at the rose garden, his
	back to air force chief of staff general curtis lemay, 60. 
	beetle-browed, arrogant, the archetypal cold war general. 
	yet there is something about him, his intelligence perhaps,
	that suggests he's playing a role he knows and believes in.

	the only other civilians in the room are bobby, bundy and
	mcnamara.  the pressure from the military is almost physical.

				lemay
		mr. president, as of this moment my
		planes are ready to carry out the air
		strikes.  all you have to do is give me
		the word, sir, and my boys will get
		those red bastards.

	the president continues staring out the window.  kenny eases
	over to the desk, leans on it, arms folded, interposing
	himself between the president and the soldiers.  bobby joins
	him, side-by-side.

				the president
		how long until the army is ready?

				general taylor
		we've just begun the mobilization under
		cover of a pre-arranged exercise, sir. 
		we're looking at another week and a
		half, mr. president.

				lemay
		but you can begin the strikes, now.  the
		plans call for an eight-day air
		campaign.  it'd light a fire under the
		army's ass to get in place.

	that makes the president turn around, stare at lemay.

				the president
		general lemay, do you truly believe
		that's our best course of action?

				lemay
		mr. president, i believe it is the only
		course of action.  american is in
		danger.  those missiles are a threat to
		our bomber bases and the safety of our
		nuclear deterrent.  without our
		deterrent, there's nothing to keep the
		enemy from choosing general nuclear war. 
		it's our duty, our responsibility to the
		american people to take out those
		missiles and return stability to the
		strategic situation.  the big red dog is
		digging in our back yard, and we're
		justified in shooting him.

	taylor steps in softly, smoothly: good cop to lemay's bad.

				general taylor
		sir, we have a rapidly closing window of
		opportunity where we can prevent those
		missiles from ever becoming operational. 
		the other options...

	he spares a look at mcnamara, who watches the fireworks, arms
	folded, serious.

				general taylor (cont'd)
		...do not guarantee the end result we
		can guarantee.  however, the more time
		that goes by, the less reliable the
		choice we can offer you becomes.

	the president, partially defused, looks from taylor to
	mcnamara.  lemay steps forward, softer now, sincere.

				lemay
		mr. president, the motto i chose for sac
		is 'peace is our profession.'  god
		forbid we find ourselves in a nuclear
		exchange.  but if launched, those
		missiles in cuba would kill a lot of
		americans.  that's why i'm being such a
		pain in the ass about destroying them. 
		destroying them immediately.  hell, even
		mac agrees.

	bundy is uncomfortable.  everyone turns to him.  he nods. 
	kenny realizes he's been co-opted by the military.  mcnamara
	does too, lets out a deep breath.  the president eyes bundy,
	then paces out from behind his desk, walks up to lemay.

				the president
		general, what will the soviets do when
		we attack?

				lemay
		nothing.

	kenny, bobby and the president look at each other, unable to
	believe what they just heard.

				the president
		nothing?

				lemay
		nothing.  because the only alternative
		open to them is one they can't choose.

	his pronouncement hangs there in the air: ominous, dangerous.

				the president
		those aren't just missiles we'll be
		destroying.  we kill soviet soldiers,
		and they will respond.  how would we
		respond if they killed ours?  no, they
		will do something, general, i promise
		you that.  and i believe it'll be
		berlin.

