	int. cabinet room - day

	all of excom is there except for bundy.  kenny sits behind
	the president, deeply distraught over major anderson.

				the president
		does this attack on our plane represent
		a definitive, intentional escalation on
		the part of the soviets?

				general taylor
		the soviets are in control of the sams. 
		it's hard to believe with their
		centralized command structure that it
		could be an accidental launch.

				mccone
		mr. president, taken with the events of
		the past few hours, i believe this
		confirms our worst fears.  we're now
		dealing with a hard-line soviet
		government, perhaps with khruschev as a
		puppet head, perhaps not.

	in the silence, kenny reads the faces around the room. 
	they're convinced by mccone's pronouncement.  kenny's not.

				kenny
		it could be a mistake.

	mccone gives him a get-serious look.  but kenny presses on.

				kenny (cont'd)
		we need to be positive before we react.

	bundy enters the room.  everyone looks up.  he stands there
	in the doorway, his face tight.

	kenny sags in his chair.  bundy, of course, has more bad
	news, and they all know it.  a hopeless beat.  the president
	just stares at bundy, unable to ask.  bundy nods, affirming
	what everyone is thinking.

				bundy
		a u-2 on a routine air-sampling mission
		over siberia got lost and penetrated
		soviet airspace.  the soviets scrambled
		migs in pursuit, thinking it was a
		bomber.  it got out okay.  somebody
		forgot to cancel the mission.

				the president
		goddammitt.  there's always some
		sonofabitch who doesn't get the word. 
		all we need is the soviets thinking
		we're bombing them.
			(facetious)
		anybody else?

	the humor falls on a cold audience.

				general taylor
		mr. president, our pilots are in danger. 
		we must order punitive airstrikes
		against the sam site that shot down
		major anderson per our rules of
		engagement.

	and finally the moment kenny has dreaded all this time has
	come to pass.  he looks at bobby, then at the president.  the
	president stares at the cup of coffee in his hands, as if
	trying to read the fates' design in it.  a long beat, and
	everyone holds their breath.

				the president
		no.  i want confirmation there wasn't
		some sort of accident first.

	lemay clears his throat.  everyone looks at him, expecting
	him to scream or jump up and down.

				lemay
		i think that's a good idea, mr.
		president.  it'll be safer for my boys
		to get those sams on monday when we get
		the rest of the bastards.  i can wait a
		day and a half.

				the president
		very well, then.

	but he says it without any belief in the words, realizing
	they're being tied fast to the train tracks of war.

