	int. white house mansion - oval room - continuous

	the president.  he listens, looks over the briefing papers as
	mcnamara continues.  everyone watches the president.

				mcnamara
		a quarantine prevents more missiles from
		reaching cuba, but it doesn't remove the
		ones already there.  it gives the
		soviets a chance to pull back without
		war.  if they refuse to remove the
		missiles before they're operational, we
		retain the option to strike or invade.

				bobby
		we believe that a surprise attack would
		be counter to what the united states
		stands for.  we believe that an attack
		leaves us no room for maneuver, and the
		inevitable soviet response will force us
		into a war we do not want.  a war that,
		this time, will really end all war.

				mccone
		mr. president, there are still those of
		us who believe we should proceed with
		the strikes.  with the blockade, we lose
		strategic surprise and we run the risk
		of a first strike if the soviets decide
		they have to use the missiles or lose
		them.

	the president gazes from one expectant face to another.  but
	he himself remains unreadable.

				the president
		quarantine or air strike.

	adlai clears his throat.  everyone looks over at him.  he
	stares down at his clasped hands for a beat.  he's anguished
	about what he's going to say.

				adlai
		there is a third option.  with either
		course we undertake the risk of nuclear
		war.  it seems to me maybe one of us in
		here should be a coward.

	he smiles weakly, but gets no response from anyone.

				adlai (cont'd)
		so i guess i'll be.  our third choice is
		to cut a deal.  we trade guantanamo and
		our missiles in turkey, get them to pull
		their missiles out.  we employ a back
		channel, attribute the idea to u thant. 
		u thant then raises it at the u.n.

	adlai looks for support around the room, but meets only stony
	gazes.  from mccone and general taylor, contempt.  dead
	silence for a long, long beat.

	kenny's heart goes out to stevenson as he watches the man
	commit political suicide.  even sorensen, standing behind
	him, unconsciously moves away.  at last the president speaks.

				the president
		i don't think that's possible, adlai.
			(beat, to the room)
		i will be asking the networks for air
		time monday night.  i have not yet made
		my final decision.  we will announce our
		course of action then.  i want to thank
		you all for your advice, gentlemen.

