	int. flag plot - the pentagon - continuous

				mcnamara
		it crossed the line hours ago.

	admiral anderson, on the phone on the level below, is tense.

				admiral anderson
		hail them again.

				the president (o.s.)
		keep us posted, bob.

	mcnamara leans against the wall, closes his eyes in
	exhaustion and stress.  and when he opens the, we pan around
	to reveal:

	a g-d-like view of the flag plot, covered with hundreds of
	ships, planes and markings.

	mcnamara stares out at the bewildering tangle of symbols,
	living men behind each one.  each tangle of red and blue
	symbols a powderkeg.  a g-dlike view indeed.  and it is far
	more than any one mere man could keep control of. and he
	begins to realize it.

				mcnamara
		we're kidding ourselves...

	and not only that, in his bleary, sleep-deprived fog, he
	begins to understand something happening down there.

	the camera moves over the enormous map, over the scrolling
	cryptic numerology.  the buzz of radio communications bleeds
	in from the background.  the overhead platform swivels on its
	motor, like the vast arm of some fate-writing god as the
	watch officer on it updates the movements of the ships.

	mcnamara stares, at the verge of grasping something.  through
	the door-crack of genius, he has the glimpse of some grander
	thing, some grander design.

				admiral anderson
		very well.  load your guns.

	that starts mcnamara from his fatigued reverie.  he goes to
	the railing, looks down on anderson.

				mcnamara
		what was that, admiral?

	anderson turns, gazes up from his tier below, distracted.

				admiral anderson
		we've been hailing the groznyy for the
		last hour, mr. secretary.  the groznyy
		refuses to stop.

				mcnamara
		what are you doing?

				admiral anderson
		carrying out our mission, mr. secretary. 
		if you don't mind, we're very busy right
		now.  we need to be able to do our jobs.

				mcnamara
		admiral, i asked you a question.

	anderson holds the phone aside, turns around again, looks up
	at him, impatient.  his answer is hard, cold, dangerous.

				admiral anderson
		we're going to follow the rules of
		engagement.  the rules of engagement
		which the president has approved and
		signed in his order of october 23rd.

	anderson listens again to the phone.

				admiral anderson (cont'd)
		yes, captain, you may proceed.  clear
		your guns.

				mcnamara
		what --

