	int. u.n. security council chambers - continuous

	adlai enters.  he is instantly dwarfed by the enormous room. 
	lights, t.v. cameras, the imposing circular arrangement of
	delegation tables.  and the entire world is watching.

	adlai pauses.  then as the first security council members
	begin to notice him, he heads for the vacant seats for the
	american delegation.  the romanian delegate saws the air.

				romanian delegate
			(through translator)
		...we call upon the world to condemn
		this purely american provocation...

	but as the romanian wheezes on, all eyes are on adlai.  adlai
	takes his seat, his staffers behind him.  they pass him up
	papers, and he spreads them before him, taking no notice that
	the entire room is staring at him.

	adlai finally glances up.  across the circle sits zorin, in
	the flesh, at the head of his own tough-looking delegation. 
	he acknowledges adlai with a superior smile.

				romanian delegate (cont'd)
		we, the people of romania, stand in
		solidarity with the people of cuba and
		their revolution in the face of this
		american threat to world peace.  thank
		you, mr. chairman.

	the romanian delegate leans back from his microphone.  zorin
	leans forward, begins in russian, and the translator's voice
	catches up with him.  his tone, body language, composure are
	all that of complete confidence.

				zorin
			(through translator)
		we are glad you could join us, mr.
		stevenson.

	adlai nods, returns to his notes, as zorin continues.

				zorin (cont'd)
		for the last couple of hours i have
		heard nothing but questions from the
		world here.  the united states has led
		us to the brink of calamity.  the
		peoples of the world want to know why. 
		we are told again and again of this so
		called incontrovertible evidence of
		offensive weapons in cuba.  yet we are
		not allowed to see this evidence.  are
		your spy planes so secret you cannot
		share this evidence with us?  some
		planes?!

	the audience laughs.  zorin basks in it.  and then grows
	stern.

				zorin (cont'd)
		or perhaps there is no such evidence. 
		perhaps the united states is mistaken.

