	int. cabinet room - continuous

	and they enter.  the group of men at the long, ornate
	roosevelt-era table, rise as one.

				group
		good morning, mr. president.

				the president
		good morning, gentlemen.

	and the doors close on the eighteen men of excom: the
	executive committee of the national security council.  they
	are the legendary "best and brightest."

	the president makes his way down the line: shakes hands with
	secretary of state dean rusk, 53, distinguished, with a soft,
	georgian accent, a distant reserve.

				the president (cont'd)
		dean, good morning.

				rusk
		mr. president.

	the president leans past him, grasps the hand of the
	secretary of defense robert mcnamara, 46, a gifted managerial
	genius... the price of which is a cold, hard personality.

				the president
		bob.  bet you had a late night.

				mcnamara
		sleep is for the weak, mr. president.

	off to the side, kenny greets vice president lyndon johnson,
	54, and adlai stevenson, 62, representative to the u.n.,
	intellectual, well-spoken.

				kenny
		lyndon.  adlai.

	the silver-haired war hero and politically savvy chairman of
	the joint chiefs of staff, general maxwell taylor, 50s,
	shakes the president's hand.

				the president
		max.

				general taylor
		mccone's been notified and is coming
		back from the west coast.  carter's
		here, though.

	he gestures to general marshall carter, deputy chief of
	operations for the cia.  carter nods to the president.

	the camera pans over the others.

	douglas dillon, ex-banker, secretary of the treasury.

	roswell gilpatric, studious deputy secretary of defense.

	paul nitze, 55, the detail-driven facts man, assistant
	secretary of defense.

	george ball, 50s, undersecretary of state.  eloquent, a man
	of conscience.

	u. alexis johnson, deputy under secretary of state.

	edward martin, assistant secretary of state for latin
	america.

	llewellyn thompson, laid back, rumpled soviet affairs
	advisor.

	don wilson, deputy director of the usia.

	the president sits down at the center of the table, rusk and
	mcnamara to either side, and the others resume their seats. 
	bobby takes one of the over-stuffed chairs at the table.

	kenny finds one along the wall behind the president, under
	the windows to the rose garden to ted sorensen, 30s, the
	president's legal counsel and speech writer.  they greet each
	other coolly.

				kenny
		ted.

				sorensen
		kenny.

	the room falls silent.  the president looks across the table
	to general carter.

				the president
		okay.  let's have it.

				general carter
		arthur lundahl heads our photographic
		interpretation division at cia.  i'll
		let him and his boys take you through
		what we've got.  arthur?

	lundahl, standing at the end of the room with briefing
	boards, steps forward with a pointer.

				lundahl
		gentlemen, as most of you now know a u-2
		over cuba on sunday morning took a
		series of disturbing photographs.

	swinging the pointer at a board smash cuts us to:

