          int. stephanie's bedroom - night

          stephanie decastro, phil ' s disaffected ex-lover, is sitting
          cross-legged on the floor with the book of curses open in front
          of her. her hair is down, she's wearing a caftan with a zodiac
          print, there are candles everywhere and other vaguely occult
          decorating touches.

          insert
          phil's business card is dropped into a dish. then the tarot
          card of the hanged man, a chicken bone, and a feather are
          placed on top of it .

          phil
          he stands at the sink, looking at himself in the mirror,
          flexing his muscles .

          stephanie
          reading from the book> she mutters incantations in a secret
          language, then she sprinkles some powder on the plate, then a
          few drops of oil. then she makes a few passes over it with her
          hands and, much to her surprise, the contents of the plate
          spontaneously combust.

          phil

          
          as he crosses to the bed, he accidentally knocks over the
          suitcase stand, spilling his clothes out onto the floor.

          

           -25-

          
          he contemplates picking them up for a moment, decides to leave
          them there, and flops down on the bed. he lies there looking
          u up at the ceiling until the room starts to spin around, then
          he closes his eyes and quickly drops off to sleep, still fully
          clothed.

          stephanie
          to complete the spell, she picks up a broken wristwatch and
          drops it into the fire.

          insert
          phil's business card, the hanged man and the broken watch in
          flames. the watch crystal is cracked and the hands are frozen
          at 5:59.

           dissolve to:

          c lose up - clock
          the digital clock-radio changes from 5:59 to 6:00 am. the
          radio comes on, playing the end of the sonny and cher hit, "i
          got you, babe," just as it did the day before.

          

