152	int. the firing range - night

the nurse slams another manual door, locking and bolting it.

nurse
they're coming! they're coming!

she hurries along the caged alley behind the firing stalls guiding 
the children to an opposite exit.

blam! blam! mary is firing at an orange circle vest on one of the cut 
out target figures in the range. the red coats are watching with 
curiosity, cocking their heads.

mary moves to fire again but bluto grabs her hand.

mary
no...bluto...i'm trying to...

the dumb creature keeps his grip. mary has to appease to him. she 
grasps his hand and shakes vigorously. when he finally lets go, she 
aims her pistol again and fires at the vest several more times.

mary
look. it's good to shoot the circles. good. 
good.

the zombies are confused. exasperated, mary tears off her own vest 
and tosses it down the alley. the red coats look befuddled, and a 
little angry. mary fires at the vest she threw down. two bullets hit 
it before mary's pistol clicks...empty.

there's a pounding at the door. it's rhodes and his troop.

suddenly bub steps into position. whap! one of his famous quick 
draws! blam!!! he fires. the vest on the floor, mary's vest, is hit. 
bub fires again, the other gun this time. the vest on the target is 
hit squarely in the center of its orange circle.

tonto now turns. he lifts his pistol and fires. the vest on the 
target is hit again, off center, but hit.

mary
that's it! that's it!

suddenly the door at the end of the range flies open. three of 
rhodes' men rush in, wearing, of course, orange circles. the red 
coats open fire. the troopers are cut to ribbons. others outside the 
door duck back behind the walls.

the zombies lumber toward the open doorway, still firing as they go. 
mary is backing away through the opposite exit. bub sees her leaving. 
he calls to her with a deep, pleading moan. mary stops and looks at 
him sadly. he shoots off a military salute. mary salutes him back. 
there are tears in her eyes.

she turns and hurries off. bub joins his fellows in pursuit of 
rhodes' and his men.

