161	int. the laboratory area with rhodes and bub - night

(these two sequences will be intercut for parallel action)

zombies are crawling all over diesel now. he fights them off 
valiantly but his super strength is waning. he is bitten again and 
again but he tries to keep himself between the clutching creatures 
and the little deaf mute who is stumbling along ahead. she's getting 
very close to a huge set of concrete slabs...the doors to the powder 
magazine.

meanwhile rhodes approaches another corner in the hallway near the 
conditioning room. bub follows, his boot heels clicking the way 
rhodes' own heels once clicked.

rhodes dives for the corner. bub slaps leather and fires off all 
twelve. rhodes rolls on the ground crazily. he's hit several 
times...but he's still alive. he pulls himself, in agony, out of 
range. calmly, bub dumps out his spent shells and starts to reload.

in the main chamber, diesel is overcome, dragged down by a mob of 
zombies. they start to tear him apart bit by bit.

spider walks on alone. she is just a few feet from the powder 
magazine now. a zombie grabs her from behind but just gets a handful 
of shirt. spider reaches forward but the creature holds her back. her 
shirt is running rivers of blood now where the vials are implanted 
underneath.

rhodes crashes through a doorway into the conditioning room. he 
realises, too late, that there's no exit. bub's bootheels are getting 
louder. rhodes crawls around behind the tables full of testing 
equipment, wooden shapes, flash cards scatter. over near the large 
coloured symbols which are mounted on the wall there's a weapons 
cabinet. rhodes grabs a chair and smashes open the glass.

bub steps into the open doorway, still reloading his pistols. he 
stands there, a golem, his fingers slowly, calmly working. he drops a 
shell or two but soon the barrels are filled with fresh loads.

rhodes reaches in through the broken glass and pulls out an 
automatic.

bub slaps his pistols back into their holsters and face off.

rhodes lifts the automatic...aims...

bub draws! blam! blam! blam! blam! blam! blam! blam! blam! blam! 
blam! blam! blam! each one of the twelve bullets hits rhodes 
somewhere, many of them in the "kill-zones". he screams when the 
first few rounds hit, but his screaming stops about halfway through 
the barrage. that's when he dies. his leg bones support his corpse 
long enough for the last six bullets to reach him. then, as the sound 
of bub's gun echoes away down the corridors, rhodes body slides down 
the wall and crumples to the floor in a heap, leaving much of his 
blood on the orange circle that's mounted behind him.

in the main chamber, a zombie takes a bite out of spider's shoulder. 
it pulls out a big chunk of flesh, and with it, stuck in the 
creature's teeth, comes one of the nitro vials.

several zombies are pulling at the woman. she is still reaching for 
the powder magazine doors but the ghouls are pulling her away.

the creature with the test tube in its mouth pulls the bothersome 
thing out from between its teeth. it studies the vial curiously for a 
moment, then it tosses it angrily towards spider, toward the magazine 
door...

ka-blooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooom!!!

