59	ext. the clearing - day

miguel breaks out of the thicket into clear view of the soldiers. 
rhodes sees the one-armed wild man and his grin dissipated slightly. 
he draws his own pistol, an enormous magnum, an elephant stopper.

soldiers, taken by surprise, scatter, toby and tricks among them. 
miguel's bullets draw a line across one soldier's chest. he dies 
instantly.

miguel
kill the priest! burn the church!
burn! burn! burn! burn! burn!

now miguel is hit but he keeps coming, his gun spitting.

another soldier goes down, hit in the mid section.

the platoon returns fire.

miguel is hit squarely in the chest. he falls to his knees. his rifle 
fires a line of bullets into the earth and the kicking of the gun 
knocks him back on his ass. he sits there bewildered for a moment, 
then he looks up to find himself directly facing captain rhodes.

rhodes lifts his magnum but miguel is faster with his rifle. in the 
next instant the muzzle is aiming straight for the captain's stomach. 
rhodes' smile disappears, re-placed by a sudden flush of fear. he 
freezes.

miguel
kill the priest.

miguel squeezes the trigger and his weapon clicks sharply. it's 
empty.

the captain's smile slowly returns. he pushes the "attack" button on 
his belt unit.

the red coats advance, their pistols reloaded. they fire, stiff-armed 
and fumble-fingered, at miguel. he sees them moving towards him. 
something in his mind clicks and he recognises the creatures for what 
they are...walking dead.

the first few bullets miss. then one hits him in his stump and 
reality gets even clearer. he starts to scream.

the read coats walk closer, their dead eyes showing enjoyment of the 
sport. blam! blam! blam! blam!

another round hits miguel in the stomach. another creases his head. 
he tries to stand up but he's too weak. a bullet in the neck stops 
his screaming. then he's hit in the heart. a ball of blood projects 
out of his mouth and he plops onto his back, dead.

the read coats keep firing until their guns are empty again. rhodes 
calmly pushes the "reload" signal and the creatures obey.

miguel's corpse twitches for a short time, then goes rigid.

