93	int. hospital operating room - night

this is a room with walls, an operating room with jury-rigged 
appointments. on a table, under a half-dozen light bulbs, lies a 
corpse. another orderly, a nordic type names diesel, an enormous man, 
assists while doctor logan methodically saws off the corpse's head.

lukey rushes in out of breath.

lukey
doc logan! doc logan! dere's a lady dead 
out dere! gotta hurry! gotta hurry! dunno 
how long she been dat way! maybe she 
gettin' ready to come back.

the corpse's head rolls away from its body. doc logan picks up an 
electric drill with a long bit. whzzzzzzzzz! he drives the spinning 
bit into the disembodied head, deep into its brain. when he pulls it 
out, matter flies as the motor winds down.

logan is a middle aged man. he looks exhausted, demoralised, a bit 
mad. and he looks as ill as some of his patients. there are open 
sores on his face and he hasn't shaved for days. he's covered with 
two week worth of blood stains. he starts around the table leaving 
diesel to dispose of the "de-cap".

logan
bury the head. call the guard for the rest. 
get it off the table for now. we'll bring 
this new one in.

diesel doesn't respond right away. he's heard something.

logan
what is it?

diesel
the tunnel.

logan hears it now, a scratching, scuffling sound. he looks at his 
watch.

logan
god. it's almost sun-up.

logan and lukey move to a spot at the back of the room. they remove 
several of the planks in the floor. sarah's head pops out, gasping 
for air. logan recoils, his eyes wide and frightened.

logan
who are you? who are you?

he stands up too quickly. dizziness makes him reel. he smashes into 
an instrument cart, comes up with a long-bladed scalpel and holds the 
thing threateningly aimed at the stranger.

john
it's ok. it's ok, doc. she's with us.

in the next moment, sarah and the others climb out of the tunnel.

john
this here's the hospital. that's diesel 
over there, the big guy. this here's lukey 
and that's doc logan who's about to cut 
your tonsils out.

spider, the last one to climb into the room, quickly begins 
collecting weapons, what few the rebels have.

john
this here's all the weapons we got. that's 
why your fancy automatic looks so good to 
us. we gotta stick it over here with the 
others for now. they catch us with any kind 
o' weapon and its death without even askin' 
your name.

sarah lets spider take her gun. the deaf mute signs something which 
sarah can't decipher.

john
ammunition. you got ammunition in your pack 
there? i hope you do or the gun ain't worth 
much.

sarah roots through her supply pack and produces three loaded clips 
and several boxes of loose shells. john notices some tins of food, 
medicines, a knife, a compass...

john
we better just hide the whole pack, 
darlin'. that stuff is just shoutin' out 
that it come from the mainland. the shit we 
get is all c.d. rations. aspirins and 
crackers from 1958.

spider snatches the pack away rather roughly. sarah is a little 
disturbed by the action. the material is stashed under floor boards 
beside the tunnel entrance.

john
let's go. you look like you could use some 
shut eye. me too. we can all get acquainted 
tomorrow.

lukey escorts john and sarah out of the operating room into the main 
hospital area. bill mcdermott pulls out his empty flask.

mcdermott
doc, i need a fill up. i'll help m'self if 
it's alright with you.

logan nods distractedly and bill moves to a supply cabinet which 
contains, among other essentials, several bottles of brandy. he fills 
his flask eagerly.

logan
how do we know she's alright? how do we 
know?

mcdermott
she's alright. christ, rhodes and his 
cossacks wiped out her whole party. dan 
near got her.

mcdermott pockets the refilled flask, takes a long slug from the 
cabinet bottle before putting it back, and moves out of the room. 
logan is left alone with diesel and spider.

logan
how do we know she's alright? how do we 
know?

logan repeats his question, intoned identically as it was before. 
he's twitching slightly and sweat is pouring down his face. the 
thunder suddenly seems louder.

diesel
are you alright, doc? you look... you look 
real bad.

logan
i have looked bad for four years. everyone 
in the world has looked bad for four years. 
thank god looks don't matter as much as 
they once did.

logan, a wild gleam in his eye, moves out of the room, following 
where the others went, that long-bladed scalpel still clutched in his 
hand. the others follow.

