97	int. the conditioning room in the cave - morning

technicians are working with zombies while armed guards stand ready. 
we focus on a blue coat. under supervision, the thing is fumbling to 
tie a shoelace. it's failing miserably but trying hard. another blue 
is busy placing little wooden shapes into their proper holes in a 
board.

two red coats sit at a table attended by human technicians. we've 
seen these zombies before, in the dormitory. tonto, is...or was...a 
native american, probably seminole. in front of him is a plate 
containing several bits of meat. he has a fork in his hand and he is 
idly stabbing at the meat.

the other red coat, bluto, looks just like bluto from popeye, bulky 
with a thick, black beard. tired of the jig saw puzzle he's working 
on, he snarls and suddenly lunges for the meat on tonto's plate. he 
snatches a handful and stuffs it in his mouth. as soon as he tastes 
it, however, he pulls it back out, dribbling and spitting 
disgustedly.

fisher (a technician)
they won't accept a substitute. they want 
their alpo.

tonto has succeeded in forking a piece of meat. he moves it to his 
mouth and pops it in.

fisher
alright! way ta go, kemosabe!

mary henried has entered the room. she pulls up and watches  tonto 
with a kind of dubious interest. tonto stops chewing. he looks up 
with exaggerated sadness on his face. slowly his mouth opens and the 
chewed piece of meat slides out between his lips. he throws his fork 
down angrily.

mary
they won't learn to use forks if they don't 
like the breakfast you're serving, ted.

fisher
the fork is like a game to them. if they 
get into the game maybe they'll learn to 
like the food.

mary
it won't work.

suddenly bluto jumps up from the table. he flings his chair aside and 
tromps right over to mary. his arms are outstretched and he is making 
a pleading, karloff-like sound. guards come after him but mary waves 
them off.

mary
it's alright! leave him alone!

mary extends her right hand to meet bluto's right and they shake 
vigorously. then the dumb creature drops his arms and looks around. 
his brain sends no signal as to what he should do next. the guards 
lead him away.

