108	int. hospital operating room - day

close on: hands carefully...very carefully...pouring drops of clear 
liquid into a test tube. the liquid is sweating slowly out of a 
mildewed and rotting stick of dynamite which has been softened to 
near-melting by jungle heat.

a dozen test tubes stand in a rack, already filled. spider, another 
woman, sally, and a man, jack, each have their own dynamite stick. 
each is transferring liquid sweat...which is, of course, nitro 
glycerine...into a glass tube. they work in tense silence on the 
operating table.

doc logan works with them, doing the same delicate procedure. 
suddenly his hands starts to tremble.

logan
take it away from me. quickly. take it! 
take it!

spider reaches over and, as gently as possible, takes the vial and 
the dynamite out of the doctor's hands. she sets the tube in the rack 
and returns the dynamite to an open crate, years old and crusted with 
mildew and mud, still half-filled with sticks yet to be drained. the 
danger passed, they all breathe a sigh of relief. logan wipes the 
river of sweat from his face. his hands are shaking quite violently 
now. he pops pills, dry, from his pocket.

logan
sorry. i'm sorry. i'll, er...i'll be 
alright...in a moment.

john
you're sick, doc. you been sick for a while 
now. too sick to be workin' with us on this 
raid.

john, sarah and diesel are standing in a corner of the room. toby 
tyler is with them, sweating and obviously nervous.

john
you've helped us enough, providin' cover, 
hidin' us out. let the rest of us handle 
the physical stuff. it's too much for you.

logan
it's my fight as much as yours. the things 
they made me do...the things they 
made...me...do. i want so see rhodes 
destroyed. i want to see all of them, all 
of them destroyed. it's my duty...in the 
eyes of god. in the eyes of god.

logan is really flipso now, over the edge into banana-land.

toby
it won't work. that's pure nitro you're 
dealin' with there. that stuff can blow if 
you look at is funny. what're you gonna do, 
walk into the cave carryin' those tubes on 
feather pillows? you don't have a complete 
layout of the place. even if you manage to 
avoid a fight you won't know where to go.

john
we're hopin' you can show us where ta go, 
toby.

toby
oh, no. i'm tryin' to get off this island 
alive. i'll help you all i can but i'm not 
goin' in there on a suicide mission. what 
can you hope to accomplish? some radios 
maybe? a supply room or two? you'll all be 
killed and in a few weeks they'll be back 
to business as usual. that place was built 
to withstand nuclear attack! what are you 
gonna do with a half-dozen guns and a few 
sticks of nitro?

john
we're gonna blow up the powder magazine.

toby
what?

john
we know what's down there. we did the 
loading' and unloadin' when the stuff came 
ashore in the early days. a direct hit 
oughta do more than a few weeks worth o' 
damage.

toby
a direct hit'll blow the top off this whole 
island! how're you gonna fuse the stuff? 
how're you gonna leave yourself time to get 
out?

logan
if we don't get out it's a small price to 
pay.

toby
you're fuckin' out of your minds! there's 
two hundred people down there. you gonna 
murder two hundred people?

logan
sinners! animals! filth! doing the work of 
the devil!

toby
what about the people here in the camp? if 
they don't get blown to kingdom come their 
food'll be destroyed, their water, medical 
supplies. they won't have any more power. 
this island can't support them all, they'll 
be doomed. count me out, friends. i'm gonna 
get my ass outa here. anybody wants to come 
along is welcome.

silence falls over the room. finally john moves towards the door. 
toby follows but before exiting he turns back to face the group once 
more.

toby
i wanna see rhodes burn just a much as you 
do...but all those people. we don't have 
the right to be their judges... just like 
they don't have the right to be our judges.

john opens the door and toby exits. sarah follows. john looks around 
at the faces in the group, then he leaves, shutting the door behind 
him. there's a long silence, then logan speaks.

logan
we know what we must do. it's written for 
us in the bible. "they shall be driven from 
the land of the living down to the world of 
the dead. that is the fate of those who 
care nothing for god."

