118	int. entrance number seven - night

there are only two guards posted at the sealed entrance. one is 
eating from a can of spam. the other is reading an old, dog-eared 
playboy. a rifle barrel jabs suddenly into "playboy's" back.

julie
don't move!

it's julie grant, mary's disgruntled assistant. a young man, another 
behaviouralist in a white lab coat is with her. they both have 
rifles.

julie
open the outer door. move it!

"playboy" slowly gets up and starts towards a control panel. at the 
last minute, he spins around, grabbing julie's gun barrel and pushing 
it away. julie's young accomplice swings his rifle butt and knocks 
"playboy" cold. then he trains the weapon on "spam man" again.

julie moves to the controls, examines them, trips a toggle marked 
"lock" and pushes a large green button.

the door to the outside swings open. beyond is blackness with an 
occasional patch of moonlight on jungle growth. julie walks slowly, 
carefully toward the opening. just as she is about to cross the 
threshold into the night, a huge figure leaps at her, grabbing her 
rifle and enclosing her in a strangle hold. it's diesel. behind him, 
comes jack, his rifle (sarah's rifle) levelled off at julie's young 
friend.

"spam man" makes a break for it down the hall. reacting nervously, 
too quickly, jack fires. "spam man" is hit squarely in the back. he 
pitches forward, dead.

the young scientist raises his gun.

young man
hey! what the hell.....?

jack fires another burst and the orange circle on the young man's 
chest show a dotted line of red. he flies back, a surprised 
expression on his face, and he flops, dead, right on top of the 
"playboy" guard who is lying near the control booth.

logan
enough! enough! enough! enough!

the doc comes slowly out of the night guiding spider over the 
threshold and into the hall. logan reminds us of a crazy john 
houston, floating on air in a madman's bubble.

julie
what...what is this? who...?

logan
it's alright, it's alright, my dear. you've 
simply helped us do the lord's work.

logan's shoulder wound is bleeding through its dressings but the 
doctor, on a holy mission, seems to feel no pain. he guides spider 
into the light and opens her shirt. diesel shoves julie against a 
wall. jack covers her with his automatic.

logan removes red-soaked dressing from spider's skin. all over her 
bare chest and upper belly we see long, eight-inch scars, hastily 
stitched with suture showing. beneath each is a cigar-shaped bulge 
where a vial of nitro has been implanted. the woman stands on 
crumbling legs, her arms open outward, a grotesque lampoon of a 
stigmatic.

julie
what...what have you done to her?

logan
god forgive us. forgive us the pain we 
inflict as surgeons. we'll be in heaven, 
child. soon. we'll be with him in heaven.

spider
na...na...ak...aaaaaaaaaa...

spider is trying to signal something. she has seen that "playboy" is 
crawling into the control booth. logan follows her alarmed gaze.

logan
no you don't i can't let you do that! i 
can't!

logan charges toward the booth. the guard is half-in-half-out of the 
glass chamber, his hands reaching for the control panel inside. logan 
starts to kick him, again and again.

jack
outa the way, doc! outa the way!

there's vengeance on logan's face. he's kicking the guard brutally, 
but that doesn't stop the man from reaching the controls. he hits a 
red alarm button. the panel buzzes and coloured lights blink. the 
door to the jungle starts to swing closed. diesel dives at it but 
can't stop the steel slab. it slams with a loud thunnnnng!

jack swings into another position to get a clear shot and he fires a 
long burst into the control booth. "playboy" is struck by several 
rounds. he bounces around in the booth and collapses to the floor, 
dead.

logan, his shoulder wound pouring blood, aggravated by his physical 
exertion, falls to floor himself, in a faint.

jack
shit!

diesel
keep the woman covered.

jack levels off on julie again. diesel moves over to spider. pulling 
fresh dressing from logan's bag, the big man begins to pack them onto 
spider's bleeding chest.

