31	ext. the fishing boat (in deep water) - night

chico has fallen asleep at the tiller. sarah is asleep as well, and 
so is maria.

a silent shadow moves over the side rail. hands reach out and grip 
maria's shoulders, lifting her up, up from sleep. her eyes flutter 
open.

tony's face is blue-grey in the moonlight. it takes the woman a 
second or two to recognise that he is one of the living dead. his 
hungry mouth lunges towards her neck. his drooling teeth sink deep. 
the woman screams.

sarah wakes with a start. miguel is already awake. he's been watching 
all along. now he watches still, his pistol idle in his one good 
hand, his mouth curled in that strange grin, as maria's screams 
shatter the quiet night.

at the tiller, chico sees what's happening. he fumbles for the 
automatic rifle that's strapped over his shoulder.

a pork-chop-size chunk comes out of maria's neck in the clenched 
teeth of the tony-creature. blood squirts upward in a five-foot arc.

sarah lifts her rifle from her lap. she is the first to fire. an 
instant later, chico fires as well.

the head on the tony-creature is hit by rapid-fire loads from each 
gun and it come apart above the eyes. its body staggers stiffly into 
maria. she tries to stand, tries to pull away, screams still bubbling 
in her torn throat. she topples backward over the side rail. the 
corpse, taller and heavier, flips rigidly over, its feet kicking 
skyward, and splashes in to the deep, black gulf. 

maria, the small of her back balanced precariously on the side rail, 
grabs at the air trying to swing her weight back on board. sarah 
springs forward. she reaches the other woman a second too late. their 
hands brush but don't catch. maria slips over the side. a loud splash 
cuts off her screams.

chico brings the boat about in as tight a circle as possible. he and 
sarah stare out over the water. the blackness out there is absolute. 
visibility zero.

silence....but for the chug-chug-chug of the boat's engine.

miguel slowly raises his hand and aims his pistol at a large, turtle-
shaped splotch of blood on the hull across the cabin, the spot where 
tony died. with that odd grin still on his lips, he begins to fire 
one shot at a time in deliberate, slow rhythm.

the bullets punch holes through the wooden side-wall, most of them 
hitting squarely in the blood stain.

sarah looks over toward chico who returns her look with frightened 
eyes.

