101	int. gasparilla's gymnasium - night

the place is full of exercise equipment, treadmills, weights, a 
nautilus, etc. there are other items which seem contradictory, plush 
pillows, a huge circular bed surrounded by mirrors. delicacies of 
food and drink lie about on low tables. the room is a cross between 
elaine powers and a harem chamber.

a huge coffin-shaped device opens and we see that the inside is lined 
with ultraviolet tubes which are covered with plexiglass. gasparilla 
lounges inside the thing, sweating, having just taken a long dose of 
fake sunshine.

all around are the councilmen, some with country-club type women, 
conservatively dressed and wearing suitable jewellery (obviously 
wives left over from the good old days), and some with scantily clad 
courtesans.

other scantily clad "bunny" types are serving hors-d'oeuvres and 
pouring wine, offering smoke and snort.

mary henried is sitting on the floor, lost in fluffy pillows, her lab 
coat incongruous. rhodes watches her from nearby.

gasparilla
awrite. c'mon ladies. off with it... and on 
with it...ha ha ha...

music blares and several of the courtesans spring up, stripping off 
what few clothes they are wearing. some strip naked, others down to 
panties. they hop onto various exercise machines and begin to 
"workout", tits flopping, thighs pumping...gasparilla's kind of 
entertainment.

gasparilla
oh, lordy, lordy...i'm drunk as a skunk. 
look at this...will ya jus' loooooook at 
these lovelies! say, henried, you ever try 
it with another woman?

mary looks up at the general, not knowing whether or not she should 
answer, afraid of what he might try to make her do.

gasparilla
i've tried it with boys. too strenuous.

four more women have brought in silver platters full of new hors-
d'oeuvres, prepared carefully and laid them out like sushi. they're 
distributed and people eat them

gasparilla
folks...i just couldn't resist. how d'yall 
like those? how do those taste?

guests look up, not knowing what to expect. mary fears the worst. she 
looks around to see rhodes grinning. a knot comes up into her throat. 
she tries to swallow it down.

gasparilla
fresh from the freezers, folks. it's 
what...they...eat!

a few of the guests are revulsed. one man starts to vomit and he runs 
from the room.

gasparilla
just kiddin' folks. just kiddin'. would i 
do a thing like that? i ask ya now, would 
i? hah ha ha ha ha...

relief spreads and the bacchanalian atmosphere restores itself. 
gasparilla spills himself out of the tanning coffin and flops down on 
some pillows near mary. he grabs up a goblet and swills red wine 
which runs down his front.

gasparilla
the great state of florida. people came 
here fer years ta die. retire and expire. 
the rest o' the country used ta think we 
was nothin' but a bunch o' farts and 
fogies. hah! now this here's the new 
capital o' the world! hah! they came 
here...died...went to hell...and the devil 
sent 'em back as an army. hah! general 
gasparilla's army...my army!

mary
we think there are other cities surviving. 
we think maybe detroit... there's some 
signalling out of philly.

gasparilla
there's no place like this place. warm 
climate. this facility. christ, there ain't 
nothin' like this no-damn-where! even the 
feds knew that. that's why they stored so 
much o' their shit down here. it's all mine 
now. all mine. just let 'em try ta come 
after us down here, which they will some 
day...take a likin' ta what all we got an' 
come after us. they'll hafta get past my 
army! an army that ain't afraid ta die...ha 
ha ha...'cause it's awreddy daid! ha ha ha 
ha....

mary
it's not a very big army. and small as it 
is you won't be able to continue feeding it 
for very long. we've got to find ways of 
getting them to respond without relying 
on...

gasparilla
you'll find the ways, miss mary. and when 
ya do...we'll sail on over to the 
mainland...or any other damn mainland fer 
that matter...and start us a recruitin' 
program. there's millions o' bees out there 
jus' waitin' fer' a general ta lead 'em on 
ta vict'ry!

gasparilla swallows another huge quantity of wine.

dissolve to:

