               int./ext. 1st apartment, 4th floor, and ghetto - afternoon

               a charmingly furnished bed-sitting room with a comfortable 
               divan. gebczynski leads the way in. szpilman glances around, 
               goes to the window, looks out.

               szpilman's pov: 

               he can see a section of ghetto wall below. beyond it, inside 
               the ghetto, a narrow street leading to deserted buildings. 
               gebczynski comes up behind him.

                                     gebczynski
                         must feel better this side of the 
                         wall.

                                     szpilman
                         yes, but sometimes i'm still not 
                         sure which side of the wall i'm 
                         on.

                                     gebczynski
                         here.

               he leads szpilman to the small kitchen.

               gebczynski opens a cupboard to reveal potatoes, bread.

                                     gebczynski
                         i'll come again. and janina bogucki 
                         will visit twice a week. bring 
                         more food. see how you are.

               he closes the cupboard.

               the main room.

               gebczynski makes for the front door, stops.

                                     gebczynski
                         yes, now, this is very important. 
                         in case of emergency, i mean 
                         emergency, go to this address.

               he hands over a scrap of paper, shakes szpilman's hand and 
               goes quickly.

               alone, szpilman stands, lost for a moment. then, he takes 
               off his shoe and stuffs the scrap of paper into it. while 
               he does so, his eyes light on the divan bed.

               he goes to it, slips off his other shoe and lies down, 
               testing the divan's springiness with his whole body.

               he smiles beatifically. he shuts his eyes and is instantly 
               asleep.

