               int. cafe nowaczesna, ghetto - day

               on a platform, szpilman plays at a piano, but he can hardly 
               be heard above the noise of chatter and laughter. 

               the large cafe is crowded, hot and smoke-filled. well-heeled 
               customers, pimps, whores, businessmen sit at little tables, 
               eating, talking, laughing, almost drowning the piano music. 
               some dance.

               a couple of tables back from the piano, a customer is doing 
               business with a friend. the customer has a small stack of 
               coins, some of them twenty-dollar gold pieces. he folds 
               back the tablecloth to reveal a marble surface beneath. he 
               drops a coin on the marble and listens but the noise is 
               too loud. he sees the cafe owner, benek, fiftyish, and 
               makes gestures, pointing at szpilman. benek pushes his way 
               through to szpilman.

                                     benek
                              (whispering into 
                              szpilman's ear)
                         i'm sorry, mr wladek, he wants you 
                         to stop.

                                     szpilman
                              (continuing to play)
                         who wants me to stop?

               benek points to the customer, who makes an imploring gesture 
               to szpilman. szpilman stops playing. 

               the friend watches the customer intently as he drops the 
               coins one by one onto the marble. he drops them, puts his 
               ear close and listens.  two or three he discards, but he 
               smiles when coins make a pure tone, and he keeps them. 

               szpilman exchanges looks with a pretty whore, who makes 
               eyes at him. 

               satisfied, the customer beams, nods his thanks to szpilman, 
               who resumes his piano playing.

