53	int.  laboratory

	the two enter a cylindrical laboratory.  there is a huge glass turbine in
the middle with the metal glove inside.  a dna chain scrolls on the computer
screen.

						mactilburgh
					(rather fascinated)
				the compositional elements of his dna
				chain are the same as ours, there are simply
				more of them tightly packed.
				his knowledge is probably limitless..

						munro
					(worried)
				is there any danger? some kind of virus?

						mactilburgh
				we put it through the cellular hygiene detector.
				the cell is for lack of a better word... perfect.

	munro hesitates a moment.  then he sighs and uses his personal key to
open the
	self-destruct box.

						munro
				ok, go ahead! but mr. perfect better be polite...
				otherwise i turn him into cat food.

	mactilburgh starts the operation rolling as munro puts his hand on the
sell-destruct button, ready to use it.  thousands of cells form in the
heart of the generator, an assemblage of dna elements.  then the cells move
down a tube, like a fluid, and gather in an imprint of a human body.  step
by step bones are reconstructed, then the nervous and muscular systems.
whole veins wrap around the muscles.  an entire body is reconstructing before
our very eyes.

						doctor
				three seconds to ultra-violet protection.

	a shield comes over the reconstructing body and makes it invisible.

						mactilburgh
					(to munro)
				...this is the crucial phase, the reconstruction
				of pigment. cells are bombarded with slightly
				greasy solar atoms which forces the body cells
				to react, to protect themselves.
				that means growing skin. clever, eh?

						munro
					(disgusted)
				wonderful!

	the meter slows, drops to zero.

						assistant
				... end of reconstruction, beginning of
				reanimation .

	a whoosh of air in the glass chamber.  captain munro has his hand on the
self-destruct button, ready to destroy the being that has barely been
reborn.

						mactilburgh
					(pushing a button)
				activate life support system.

	an electrical discharge fills the glass chamber causing the body inside
to jerk.
	after a few moments of silence, the sound of a heartbeat fills the room
over the loudspeaker.

						assistant
				life support system activated.

	the supreme being is alive once again.

						mactilburgh
				remove the shield.

	the assistant automatically removes the ultra-violet shield which slowly
reveals... a woman... nude... young... and very beautiful.  munro stands there
gaping.  not quite his vision of the supreme being.  mactilburgh glances
at munro and gently pushes his hand away from the self-destruct button.

						mactilburgh
					(with a smile)
				i told you ... perfect!

	munro is hypnotized by the girl's beauty.

						munro
				...i'd, uh , like to get a few pictures for the
archives
				before she wakes up.

	mactilburgh looks at him with a grin.  a remote-control camera approaches
the girl's face, a flash goes off.  blinded by the flash, the girl jumps and
screams.  she cowers in a corner, shaking from the cold, darting eyes
everywhere looking for the case she was holding.

						girl
					(very angry)
				ouacra cocha o dayodomo binay ouacra
				mo cocha ferji akba ligounai makta keratapla.
				tokemata tokemata!  seno santonoi-aypa!
				minoi ay cheba!  givomana seno!

						munro
					(worried)
				what's she saying?

						mactilburgh
					(to his assistant)
				activate the phonic detector.

	the girl kicks the window repeatedly.

						mactilburgh
				and give her a light sedative...
				and something to wear!

	the assistant hits a button.  a pile of clothes drops out of a trapdoor
in the ceiling.  she snatches up the clothes angrily and dresses quickly.
munro draws closer to the glass window.  he watches her dress with
undisguised pleasure.

						munro
					(to mactilburgh)
				this thing solid?

						mactilburgh
					(smiling)
				an elephant couldn't crack it.

	the girl finishes dressing.

						girl
					(angrily)
				teno akta chataman assin-omekta!

	munro smiles safely behind his plate glass window.

						munro
					(with a smile)
				you're gonna have to learn to communicate
				better than that angel if you want out.

	munro dangles the key on a chain that will let her out.  the girl rams
her fist right through the window.  she grabs the key and yanks it.  the
chain snaps tight and munro slams into the window knocking himself out.  the
girl puts her hand through the window again, unlocks the chamber and steps
out.  she is still bit wobbly on her legs.  two guards try to grab her.
she sends them flying across the room. mactilburgh is most impressed.  he
sets off a general alarm.

