3	int.  temple - day

	omar makes his way uneasily down a pillared corridor that opens into a
vast room where an old scientist stands on a small wooden ladder in front of
the wall across the room.  professor massimo pacoli. a young man is beside
him, billy masterson, age 25, an american student. he has a large sketchpad in
his hands.  behind them aziz, age 10, whose job is to hold the last
mirror which shines light into the expansive room.

						professor
					(deciphering)
				"..when the three planets are in eclipse.."

	his fingers trace across the wall which is covered with symbols and
strange hieroglyphs as he deciphers.

						professor
				"..the black hole like a door is open...
				evil comes ... sowing terror and chaos..."
				see?  the snake, billy.  the ultimate evil
				... make sure you get the snake!

	the professor points emphatically to the snake, the symbol of evil,
coming through the door between the three planets in eclipse.  c.u.
billy's hand sketches the snake quickly.  he is a natural artist.

						billy
				and when is this door opening snake act
				supposed to occur?

	the professor's fingers touch the signs.

						professor
				..if this is the five..and this the thousand..

	he calculates.

						professor
				every five thousand years..

						billy
					(kidding)
				so i have some time..

	he reaches for the pad.

	angle on:  omar.  standing at the entrance to the chamber with the water
bag, entranced by the sight.  a skeletal hand falls on his shoulder.  omar
turns to an ancient priest in a rough milled black cannock.

						priest
				i will take it to them my son.

	startled but obedient, omar gives the water bag to the priest.

						priest
				go with god.. be safe from evil..

	the priest makes the sign of the cross on the boy's forehead, dismissing
him.
	as soon as he is gone, the priest turns a worried eye to the professor.

	angle on:  the professor is back to translating, billy to sketching.

						professor
				"..then arrange the elements of life against
				the terror just so.."

	his fingers run on.

						professor
				"..water..fire..earth..air..four
				elements around the fifth.."

	his fingers fall on the one element that has a human shape, surrounded by
all the others.

	the priest opens the water skin and begins to pour a vial of powder into
the skin.

	angle on:  aziz falling asleep.  the mirror falls, the light fails.

						professor
				aziz!  light!

	the boy struggles to stay awake.  the mirror comes up.

						priest
				lord forgive me.. they already know too,
				much..

						professor
				"..in which all the history of the universe resides
				..all the strength..all the hope..protect us from
evil.."

						priest (v.o.)
				amen..

	the professor turns to the priest who is pouring water into a tin cup
from the skin.

						professor
				father.. it in the most extraordinary thing..
				the greatest find in history..can you imagine
				the implications.

						priest
				only too well... here you must be
				parched..

	he hands the cup to the professor.  the professor takes it, has it almost
to his lips when..

						professor
				i mean look.. it is like a battle plan..

	in his excitement he does not drink, much to the priest's chagrin.

						professor
				here the good.. here the evil..

	as the priest looks up, aziz the mirror  boy, tips his mouth under the
water skin, drinking the leakage.

						professor
				here..

	he points to the five elements.

						professor
				a weapon against evil.  amazing!  i am
				going to be famous.

						priest
				then let us toast to your fame!  here billy..

	the priest hands billy a cup.

						priest
				drink!

						professor
				to fame.. salud..

	the professor raises the cup to drink, and then...

						professor
				we cannot toast with water.. billy !
				in my sack.. the grappa!

	the priest watches, disconsolate, as the professor tosses away his water.
billy finishes his cup before running off into the tunnel.

