158	int.  entrance  hall

	a dozen policemen wait patiently at the end of the hall.  leeloo stops
and presses against the wall.  she spots korben leaving the shuttle.  a
gorgeous hostess comes up to him, drapes a lei around his neck and plants a
kiss on his lips in welcome.

						hostess
					(smiling)
				welcome to paradise.

	korben's face is covered in lipstick.  leeloo sees he did nothing to stop
the girl and she doesn't like it.

	a hefty man wearing a sarong drapes some flowers around her neck.  then,
	obviously relishing it, he leans down to kiss her.  leeloo bashes him on
the forehead.  the hefty man straightens up.  he's still smiling, but his
nose is bleeding. he falls slowly to the floor.

	korben pushes forward trying to spot leeloo.  he also tries to wipe the
lipstick off.  leeloo tries to escape through a door marked personnel only,
but it's locked.  a host looks at her with a grin.

						host
					(playful)
				if you don't have the code you can't
				open it!

	leeloo smiles and punches in an old code and twists the doorknob.  the
door opens with the sound of a braking lock.  leeloo smiles sweetly and enters
as if nothing were amiss.

	a shriek of joy fills the room.  korben turns around.  the hostesses
cluster around loc rhod as he comes out of the plane.  loc rhod spots korben
and latches onto his arm.  it's not going to be easy to remain discrete.

						loc rhod
					(relieved)
				my main man! please don't leave me here
				alone. my head's killing me and my adoring
				fans are gonna tear me apart! get me outta
				here!

						korben
				i'll take you to the bar, after that,
				you're on your own.

						loc rhod
					(hanging on to korben)
				oh, yes! do that! you treat me right,
				man. tell me all about yourself, your
				roots, your personal life, your childhood
				dreams...

						korben
				i don't think this is a good time...

						loc rhod
				...you got brothers and sisters? what
				about your dad? tell me about your
				dad! what was he like? physically?
				big, i suppose?

						korben
					(evasive)
				yeah, very big, a giant.

						loc rhod
				i didn't have a dad... never saw him...
				never even heard him. 50 billion people
				listen to me every day... and he doesn't
				hear me...

