217	int.  hall

	hostages are being gathered in the middle of the hall.  they are
surrounded by mangalores who guard them.

						mugger
					(into walkie-talkie)
				there's no more resistance.
				everything's under control.

	three mangalores are suddenly blasted through the glass door leading to
the theater.  korben bursts into the hall, two huge guns in his hands.

						korben
				everybody down!

	korben takes out two more warriors coming towards him, rolls behind a
column.
	laser bullets stinging all around his head.

						loc rhod
				this is amazing! korben, korben dallas,
				the winner of the gemini croquette
				contest just killed three warriors like he was
				swatting flies...

	panic everywhere!  heavy firing fills the hall.

	angle on:

	roy von bacon, the laserball player, rises from the floor behind a
mangalore, grabs him and smashes his head into a column, seizing the gun.

	angle on:

	two mangalores firing a huge machine gun at the column korben is using
for cover.
	he dives for cover behind the bar.

	angle on:

	two mangalores watch awestruck.  roy whistles behind them.  the two
mangalores turn around.  roy bonks their heads together.

						loc rhod
				it's roy von bacon, the lions center
				forward joining in the battle...

	someone taps loc rhod on the shoulder.  he jumps with fright.

						princess aachen
					(hot to trot)
				all this is terribly exciting, hmmm?

	loc rhod covers his mike.

						loc rhod
				get off my back!

	a mangalore shoots in their direction.  loc rhod flattens himself on the
floor.  a vase falls on the princess knocking her out.  a mangalore loads
some missiles in his gun and destroys the bar piece by piece forcing korben to
move forward.  korben motions to baby ray hiding under the pool table.

						korben
				toss me the balls!

						baby ray
					(terrified, still deaf)
				what?

	another piece of the bar explodes.

						korben
				the balls for christ's sake!

	korben apes playing pool, but baby ray really is stone-deaf.

						emperor japhet
				he wants the balls! you deaf or something?

	the emperor rolls the balls over to korben.  the mangalore loads more
missiles and shatters another part of the bar.  korben hides behind the last
bit left.

						korben
				how far is he from here?

	the emperor glances at the mangalore, who in reloading.

						emperor
				i'd say about thirty yards to the left.

	korben hefts the ball, jumps up and hurls it with blinding  speed.  the
mangalore catches it right in the head.  he drops, firing in the air.  the
missile strikes the ceiling which collapses on him.  the emperor gives korben
a thumb's up.

						loc rhod
				...and our man korben has literally
				knocked out the opposition with an
				amazing 90 foot pitch.

	the cops on the floor rise, scoop up weapons from dead mangalores and lay
down a line of fire at the last of the fleeing rebels . roy whirls his arm
in victory.

						fog
				thanks for your help.

						korben
				forget it.

	korben grabs loc rhod and takes him with him.

