71	int.  warehouse - day

	a group of handsome warriors approaches.  aknot, their leader has the
sacred case in his hands.  the metal handle is missing but the second
metal glove is still grasping the case.

						zorg
					(pretending to be worried)
				aknot?  is that you?

	the leader nods. a disgusted look stamps zorg's features.

						zorg
				...what an ugly face! doesn't suit you at all!
				take it off...

	aknot's face burns away revealing the head of a monstrous mangalore.

						zorg
				that's better! never be ashamed of
				who you are...
				you're warriors... be proud...

	aknot says nothing, but if his eyes could talk!

						zorg
				so what if the federal army crushed your
				entire race and scattered your people to the
				wind...
				your time for revenge is at hand...
				voila... the zf1.

	he takes out a weapon from one a crate and goes into a sales pitch.

						zorg
					(very fast)
				...it's light... the handle's adjustable for
				easy carrying... good for righties and lefties.

	meanwhile, two men set up a mannequin rigged with various defense
mechanisms at the far end of the warehouse.

						zorg
				... breaks down into four parts, undetectable by
				x-rays.. it's the ideal weapon for quick, discreet
				interventions.  a word on fire power: titanium
				recharger. 3000 round clip with bursts of 3 to 300.
				with the replay button, another zorg innovation,
				it's even easier... one shot.

	he fires at the mannequin.

						zorg
				... and replay sends every following shot
				to the same location...

	zorg spins around, the rounds all hit the mannequin.

						zorg
					(even faster)
				i recharge, but the enemy has launched a
				cowardly sneak attack from behind, the
				automirror takes care of that.  gives me the
				time to turn around and finish the job.
				300 round bursts, then there are the zorg oldies...

	he fires off each item he names.

						zorg
				...rocket launcher.  the always efficient
				flame thrower... my favorite.
				our famous net launcher, the arrow launcher,
				with exploding or poisonous gas heads - very
				practical.
				and for the grand finale, the all-new ice-cube
				system!

	the mannequin has been blasted into a pile of ashes covered by a net,.
stuck with arrows, the whole mess frozen solid. he tosses the weapon into
aknot's hands.

						zorg
				...four full crates, delivered right on time!
				what about you, my dear aknot, did
				you bring me what i asked you for?

	aknot sets the case on a crate.  zorg gloats while stroking the case.

						zorg
				...magnificent.

	zorg smiles, takes a deep breath, opens the case.  it's empty

