               ext. loading alley - night

               on the empty sidewalk, hellboy sees a trail of glowing goop.

               he hits full stride, following it around a corner. myers 
               lands a second later, cradling his arm, chasing after him.

                                     myers
                         wait! no, what are you doing?

               loading dock / alley

               sammael dashes by, followed closely by hellboy, running full 
               tilt.

               a ten-wheeler backs up, effectively blocking their way. a 
               few workers load pumpkin boxes in it.

                                     worker 1
                         what the hell is that??

               without slowing down, sammael jumps onto the trailer, denting 
               the roof then jumping off and into a crowded carnival area.

               a small carrousel and refreshment stand flank a pumpkin patch.

               full of curiosity, sammael pauses a second to inspect a trick-
               or-treater dressed as a golden dragon.

               hellboy catapults himself onto the trailer's roof.

                                     3 workers
                              (chorus)
                         whoa-whoa-whoa-

               hellboy jumps and lands heavily on top of the driver's cab: 
               crash!!!

               the driver is almost crushed under the steel. he screams, 
               showered by thousands of glass shards.

               myers is a few steps behind.

                                     myers
                              (into headset)
                         we'll hit the street in a minute. 
                         we're heading towards civilians...

               he squeezes between the vehicle and the alley wall. the 
               vendors are yelling at him.

                                     myers
                         yeah, yeah, crazy costume, uh? trick 
                         or treat!!

