               int. beam-supported underground tunnel/ storage room - day

               back in the tunnel, quarry and moss move filing cabinets and 
               rotten bozes full of files. one of them gives out and papers 
               spill all over.

                                     moss
                         jesus --

               their locators light up.

                                     quarry
                         abe --

               suddenly -- a noise! the agents leap up and sweep their 
               flashlights over the columns... nothing there.

                                     quarry
                         moss, what the hell was that?

               then, two silhouettes cast long shadows. powerful footfalls 
               boom like thunderclaps.

               agent quarry raises his gun and fires at the dark shapes. 
               useless: the things plow on.

               moss hurriedly straps on his flame thrower. after a few 
               seconds, a green light beeps, ready.

               the muzzle of the flamethrower vomits a 30 feet long gout of  
               fire into the blackness.

               the men pause: silence!

               quarry turns on his flashlight, hand trembling.

                                     quarry
                         whatever it was --

               bam!!! sammael's tongue uncurls from the shadows and lands 
               on quarry's face, pulling him into the dark. his flashlight 
               bobbles and strobes, lighting up a nightmare:

               two sammaels stand in the tunnel. one of them gleefully 
               squeezes quarry. the man's screams are muffled by the 
               creature's fleshy lips wrapping around his head.

               moss runs as fast as he can, jumping and tumbling through an 
               obstacle course of beams. turning, he readies the 
               flamethrower. the second sammael lands on moss's back, 
               breaking his spine.

                                                                    cut to:

