               int. tunnel "b" - underground tunnel cavern area - day

               dust and rocks fall from above. the four identical creatures 
               move in on liz and myers. myers shoots one in the head three 
               times. the creature shakes off the hits as if pelted with 
               pebbles.

               one of them springs. as it flies through the air, hellboy 
               crashes through the ceiling. he lands on top of it along 
               with a ton or two of stone. the creature is crushed.

               two eggs glow, metamorphosing. presto -- two new sammaels 
               are born. the first two sammaels growl, joined by the two 
               new ones. liz sprints to safety.

                                     hellboy
                         sorry. just couldn't leave you two 
                         alone.

               hellboy scoops up myers and deposits him next to liz.

               lit by myers' flashlight, two of the creatures jump. one 
               clamps onto hellboy's back, the other onto his leg. hellboy 
               howls. the third one joins in, like lions dragging down a 
               zebra. this time, though, the zebra fights back.

               hellboy pulls out his gun and fires a round into the chest 
               of a sammael. two eggs glow -- two new sammaels are born. 
               they're five.

               hellboy's torso is covered in blood. he falls to the ground. 
               a fourth and a fifth creature spring onto him, biting. hellboy 
               is in trouble.

               liz watches and shivers. a ripple of heat shimmers over her 
               body.

                                     liz
                              (at myers)
                         hit me.

                                     myers
                         what?

               liz is desperate, crying.

                                     liz
                         hit me --
                              (beat)
                         all of my life i've run away from 
                         it... now i want it to happen! do 
                         it.

               hellboy screams. water explodes under the fighting bodies. 
               two of the sammaels turn their attention to liz and myers.

                                     myers
                         i can't, i --

               liz slaps him.

                                     liz
                         i know now: i love him. i've always 
                         loved him.

               a beat of silence, then myers slaps her across the face, 
               once. hard. the heat ripple builds. the air vibrates around 
               her. her pupils kick back light, like an animal's.

                                     liz
                         go now.

               myers ducks behind a rock as liz's arms blaze with fire.

               the two approaching sammaels are ready to pounce.

               on top of hellboy, one of them turns its head, like a lion 
               hearing the hunter's gunshots. a staggering hellboy sees 
               liz's body shake in a surge of white-hot energy.

                                     hellboy
                              (weak)
                         liz...

               the water at her feet blows away as a concave shockwave of 
               fire expands.

               the fire engulfs the creatures. devours them all.

