               int. stunt tracks front 1/4 car

               the train whizzes overhead, grazing his horn stumps, making 
               sparks fly!! after the train passes, hellboy sits up, forehead 
               smoking. sammael is gone. a trail of goop is glowing. he 
               follows it, until it ends abruptly.

               he looks ahead: no trace of sammael... then a fat drop of 
               glowing goop hits his hand.

                                     hellboy
                         aw, i forgot --

               he looks up. sammael hangs from the ceiling, then drops. 
               then the creature lifts hellboy in a ferocious bear hug.

               hellboy twists around and cracks open the jaws of the 
               creature, like king kong and the t-rex.

               sammael staggers back and -- in an impossible maneuver, re-
               knits his jaws together! then he uses his bone scythe to 
               tackle hellboy and -- tchakkkk!! -- pin his shoulder down. a 
               deep wound.

               sammael's mouth starts to open! hellboy looks at the sparking 
               third rail a few feet away.

               sammael's tongue rears back, a snake ready to strike.

                                     hellboy
                         screw you.

               hellboy grabs the rail. an electrical discharge consumes 
               both creatures and burns the frame like flashpaper. hellboy 
               lets go, his hand and body smoking. sammael -- very crispy -- 
               is convulsing in a cloud of smoke. he grows still.

               wreathed in smoke, hellboy shakes off the shock and uses a 
               flame on his arm to light a cigar.

                                     hellboy
                         i'm fireproof.
                              (puffs smoke, kicks 
                              the body)
                         you weren't.

               omit

