int. leshko's diner - day

rosenberg and the arquillian raise their glasses in a toast.

				arquillian
		to the continued reign of the arquillian
		empire.

				rosenberg
		to the safety of the galaxy.

they clink glasses and drink, just as the waiter arrives. still, we see
only his arms and midsection as he sets the tray on a stand and lifts the
plates of pirogi. he carries them to the table and sets them down.

rosenberg, setting his glass down next to the plate, catches a glimpse of
the waiter's hand --

-- just as an enormous silverfish bug slithers out of the waiter's sleeve
and scurries across the table. the glass slips out of rosenberg's hand,
dumping wine all over the table.

he looks up, slowly, and sees the waiter's face.

it's edgar. another half dozen insects of all variety tumble out of
edgar's sleeves and scurry across the table. rosenberg and the arquillian
freeze, paralyzed with fear. they seem to know what dire implications
edgar's presence holds.

				rosenberg
			(in english again)
		you can kill us both -- but you will not
		find it.

edgar smiles.

				edgar
		you're right about one thing.

suddenly a long stinger whips out from under the back of edgar's apron and
zips under the table. first rosenberg and then the arquillian lurch
forward their chairs, their faces contorting in pain.

they both pitch forward, their faces slogging into fresh pirogi.

the stinger snaps out from under the table and whips back under edgar's
apron. he moves quickly, searching their pockets, but he doesn't find what
he's looking for. the cat, still perched on top of the ornate box, hisses
at him.

edgar reaches out and bats the cat away with one vicious swipe of his
hand. the animal howls and flies across the room, landing in a woman's
lunch.

the woman screams. now other diners' attention is drawn to edgar's table,
where two obviously dead men are being robbed by a waiter. there are
shouts of outrage, a few men rise out of their seats.

edgar grabs the ornate box and tries to open it, but finds it locked. with
the furor rising around him, he shoves the box under one arm and bolts for
the door.

rosenberg's cat leaps back onto the table and snarls at him as he goes.

								cut to:

