ext. world's fair - night

the bug opens its jaws and snaps at jay -- who propels himself backward
out of harm's way.

the bug starts climbing the tower. jay howls in frustration.

				jay
		what are you, afraid of me? come on! stand
		and fight like an arthropod!

in frustration, jay screams and throws himself on the bug, hanging onto
its back, trying to drag it down.

				jay (cont'd)
		you want a piece of this, huh?! maybe
		you're a badass in your hive, but this is
		new york city. you're just another tourist
		here!

the bug flicks him off with his tail -- sending him sailing twenty feet
through the air.

jay crashes into the dumpster, landing on a heap in front of the garbage.

but, scratched and beat-up, jay still doesn't quit -- he stands to yell at
the bug, extending his arm at the creature.

				jay
		you're messing with the wrong species, bug --

he notices something on his arm...a cockroach running down his sleeve. he
flicks it off...

looks down at the ground...sees another roach...looks over to the dumpster
behind him...there are more of them...a whole mob, in fact...fifty or
sixty of the critters, climbing out of a rusted hole in the dumpster...

jay has one last desperate idea...he kicks at the dumpster -- part of the
side is rusted paper thin and it kicks apart and crumbles to pieces.

tens of thousands of roaches pouring forth from the dumpster, crawling
like a black glittering river, away from the garbage...

jay leaps to his feet and moves to the glistening mob of insects...

				jay
		hey, bug!

close on jay's foot as he steps on the roach.  crunch.

on the bug as he flinches on the ladder -- he hates that sound.

on jay. he smiles.

				jay (cont'd)
		if i'm not mistaken, that was a cousin of
		yours.

he knows he's getting to him. he steps toward the bug -- moving his foot
over another roach.

crunch! he crushes another one.

				jay (cont'd)
		whoa! that had to hurt. and, what d'you
		know, here's your old uncle bob!

he steps forward again -- crunch!

on the bug. he turns around, anger burning in his eyes.

