int. mib building - hallway - day

as kay leads edwards down an impossibly long corridor, he hands him a file
folder stuffed thick with eight by ten photographs.

he hands jay the first picture, a shot of eight or nine men in plain black
suits standing around a fifties-style office with metal desks and
fluorescent lights. dee and zed are there, much younger.

				kay
		everybody thought the agency was a joke.
		except the aliens. they made contact on
		march 2nd, 1961, outside new  york city.

another photograph, a grainy black and white image of two ships hovering
in the night sky -- classic flying saucer shapes.

				kay (cont'd)
		there were nine of us that night. seven
		agents. an amateur astronomer. and one poor
		kid who got lost on the wrong back road.

yet another photograph, this one showing a young kay, in a shirt and tie,
holding a bouquet of flowers, staring at the open door of the landed
flying saucer. alien shapes are visible within.

				edwards
		you brought the aliens flowers?

kay steers edwards to the right, down another corridor, just as long as
the first.

				kay
		they were intergalactic refugees with a
		simple request. let us use the earth as an
		apolitical zone for people without a
		planet.  ever see "casablanca?" same thing,
		no nazis.  we agreed. so we masked all
		evidence of their landing.

another picture, this one of the 1964 world's fair grounds, still under
construction. giant models of rockets mark the fair's theme of space
travel; most prominent in the construction are two tall towers, with the
flying saucers now mounted at the top of each.

				edwards
		the 1964 world's fair was a coverup?

				kay
		why else would we hold it in queens?
			(another hallway)
		now left. more nonhumans arrive every year.
		they live among us, in secret.

				edwards
		i see. not to change the subject, but when
		was your last cat-scan?

				kay
		every six months; it's company policy.

				edwards
		well, thanks for the very amusing morning,
		but i'm hopin' you'll show me where i came
		in?  'cause this is where i go out.

they have stopped next to an unmarked door. kay throws it open and steps
inside.

				kay
		yeah, sure, hang on, i wanna grab a coffee
		while we're right here.

as kay walks into the kitchenette, edwards' jaw drops, his eyes widen, and
he stares in wonderment --

-- at three worm-like aliens standing around a water cooler. tall,
impossibly thin, most certainly not from new york, the aliens hold an
animated conversation in a language that seems like a combination of
esperanto and microphone feedback.

				kay (cont'd)
			(to the aliens)
		don't tell me we've only got that powdered
		shit for cream again?

one of the worm aliens answers him in their native tongue and points to
the counter.

				kay (cont'd)
		oh.

he finds the cream sitting out on the counter where the alien indicated,
dumps some in his coffee, and comes back outside, closing the door behind
him. he reaches up and gently pushes edwards' jaw up, closing his mouth.

				kay (cont'd)
		for future reference, this is a better look
		for you.

								cut to:

