59   int. ray's trailer, bedroom -   night                       59

     ray lays down her bed and checks her cell phone for new
     messages: a little zero blinks at her.

     she listens to her own cell phone message,

                            ray's voice
               hi, it's me. leave a message, and maybe
               i'll call ya back.

     it is harsh. she erases it and tries again.

                            ray
                      (fake cheerful)
               hi....it's me...leave a message and i'll
               call ya' back.

     she plays it back. it sounds fake. she tries again.

                            ray (cont'd)
                      (less cheerful, forced)
               hey, leave me a message and i'll call ya'
               back. (under her breath) you son of a
               bitch.

     she plays it back. "you son of a..." was recorded.

     she tries again.

                            ray (cont'd)
               hi, it's me. i can't take the call right
               now, but if it's you, troy, please at
               least tell me you are alive, because the
               boys are worried about you.

     she brings up old messages on her cell phone and listens
     to one.

                            troy (o.s.)
               hey, i just got done here. i made two
               hours overtime fixing one of the snow-
               making machines. pretty cool, huh? i'll
               be home late. i'm gonna catch that
               meeting at 7:30. love you, bye.

     ray stares across the room at a pile of troy's dirty
     flannel shirts. she gets up and picks up the pile to move
     it to the closet, but feels something hard. from a shirt
     pocket she pulls out a stack of used scratch cards.

     she throws the shirts in the closet and reaches for her
     cigarettes.

                                                            50.


     she takes out a glossy picture of her double wide dream
     home, "the commodore" a gleaming pre-fab structure with
     a landscaped yard and a family with paid-for smiles.

     after a moment she takes the wad of cash out of her
     pocket and begins making stacks of fifties and twenties.


