23   ext. apt. complex - elevated shot - six years later.       23

     the courtyard is lit with colored lights and candles..a
     wedding reception is in progress -

     extreme close up - the bride.

     gorgeous round and full cheeks stretched into a deep,
     explosive smile.
     back to scene... music plays and we focus on cristina, now
     nearing 12 years of age..dancing with her mother and some
     other smaller children.. the mother eyes the muscular back of
     a great looking man...who turns, and quickly oozes quality
     sex appeal. she is turned on..they talk in spanish...him
     saying something hushed like, "i have been afraid to talk to
     you. i need oxygen when i look at you." she indicates the six
     children she is dancing with and offers to include him in
     some ring around the rosey dance...he indicates the magic of
     just the two of them...she quickly leads her little flock
     away..

     other angle..

     a reed-thin fourteen year old boy is staring at them...at
     first the mother thinks this is adorable...the child eyeing
     her as if he were a man..she indicates he should join the
     rest of the children for a dance..

     moving with the boy..

     as he steps forward and it becomes clear it is cristina he is
     interested in... before the mom can do anything about it, he
     asks cristina to dance and she readily accepts.

     on cristina..

     satellite virginities falling with alarming speed..the first
     time held by a male, the first time held close, the first
     sexy (albeit touchingly awkward) gaze from half-closed male
     eyes which utterly confuses cristina. he begins to grind his
     hips into his dancing partner.

     on her mother.

     not confused. it is exactly as if she sees her daughter about
     to be run down by a car..only this time the thing to do is
     scare the car.




                                                              10.







     she runs toward the boy -- he sees the force of nature coming
     his way and makes a break but she gets him and actually lifts
     him and throws him to the sidelines. then pats him on the
     head maternally and goes back to cristina.

     cristina.

     somewhat proud of her mom as the boy leaves the scene.

                           narrator

                 that quickly it was clear she could
                 no longer work two jobs and leave
                 me to my own at night. the
                 following morning she did something
                 about it. a boy i never saw again
                 had changed our lives.

