1   int. bedroom - medium close - male form - late afternoon      1

    a shape fills the lower portion of the screen. it is a man's
    back..... a perfect back... good dark color, slim, muscular.
    latin music plays... a song.... if you understood the words
    you would hear love confronted and considered in a very
    specific way...we are in a mexico city suburb. the day is
    hot; small beads of sweat are seen on the man's back, the
    first indication that we are in slow motion..perfect red
    fingernails come into view...and now a woman's hand goes
    beautifully to work...part sensual back scratch, part
    massage. the hand cups bits of the man's back, a strong thumb
    probes his spine, a long finger teases the very top of his
    ass in a cute finger-pirouette and then continues down --
    and, as the hand rises once more to the top of his back for
    another trip down his upper body...
    main titles begin: full titles, minute after minute of titles
    with some key dissolves helping us to represent some 30
    minutes of time passage as the hand continues to scratch and
    rub, the man making sounds of pleasure. the hand is getting
    tired. flirtatious no more, this is getting to be work...the
    unseen woman shakes the hand vigorously, the man says a
    single sound urging her to continue, the exhausted hand
    complies, then stops, then the unseen woman changes hands as
    titles continue.....the new hand, wearing a wedding ring,
    goes to work then it too stops to rest..the man says
    something in spanish...important for us because it will
    establish that there will be no subtitles and yet we
    understand perfectly that he is asking her to continue. she
    replies in spanish lightheartedly, with a small and pretty
    laugh, that her hands are tired. we understand. the man tells
    her to continue. she continues, the rub now desultory and
    resentful. she stops for another rest. the man wants more and
    grabs forcibly at her hand -- his own hand coming into view
    for the first time. she says, in spanish, with no particular
    anger, "you said you would never push me around again. if you
    do, i will somehow break your arm so you can rub your own
    back as high as you want." (note: all spanish dialogue will
    be worked hard to provide something extra for the spanish
    speaking..working in tidbits or extra exposition, jokes etc.)
    for now, the man's tone changes, placating her to continue.
    even as she resumes the massage they begin to have a domestic
    argument in spanish. this is no longer a massage we envy.
    this back rub, going as it does from sex and hope to discord
    and alienation, will be our only full direct knowledge of
    their marriage.

