5   int. kitchen / husband's room - late afternoon                5

    this room is directly across from the husband's room. the
    woman looks up to see her husband open the suitcase to show
    the man a huge store of mont blanc pens and high-end watches.
    the man gives her husband some money..all the time the woman
    is chattering to distract the girl. looking off --the woman
    grows wide-eyed as she sees her husband count some money. the
    undercover cop begins shouting orders. the woman raises her
    voice to cover the argument in the next room which puzzles
    her daughter.

                        narrator

              there was never any pretense that
              the gorgeous, vital, clever,
              temperamental animal that was my
              mother ever for a heartbeat
              considered having any life of her
              own. she ignored all her needs and
              was alive only for me. it was
              terrific.
                  (a long beat)
              at the time.

    on mom.

    as she watches her daughter chew a cookie. her daughter
    begins to tell about her day, her young mother taking on a
    glow we have not yet seen. and all the while she eyes the
    action in the next room. her husband makes a break for the
    window. the other man points a gun at the ceiling preparing
    to fire a warning shot. the woman moves ever so quickly to a
    shelf of her favorite dishes, all the while talking to her
    daughter, making much over the kid's new school books. it is
    an impressive charade.

    full shot - taking in both rooms.

    and just as the cop shoots at the ceiling, in perfect timing,
    she upsets the dishes, the resulting noise covering the
    shot.. the woman asks her daughter what she learned
    today..the daughter says she was taught a little english.
    mother is impressed as she watches the cop move her husband
    toward the front door where other police await. her daughter
    starts to follow her gaze and she distracts her..brandishing
    the spanish/english book and asking her to say something.

