     int.  another corridor

     norman pushing harry and the iv stand.  wheels him into... 

     bathroom/sink area

     norman stops.  turns off the main lights.  the room goes dark.  the
     florescent light above the sinks stay on.

     norman wheels harry inside, places him by a wall.  checks the iv.

     norman goes to a stall.  steps inside.  keeps the stall door open.  can
     still see harry about 10 feet away.

     norman looks at the gun.  cocks it.  pinches his finger.

                         norman
               ouch.

     he waits.  listening.

     a faint high-pitched hissing sound

     norman looks over at the sinks.

     a faucet is on.  water hissing faintly from it.

     norman ignores it.  waiting in the dark.  listening.

     on the faucet -- the water running.

     on norman -- looking at it.  can't ignore it.  tries.  but can't.

     norman walks quietly through the inch of water on the floor.

     over to the sinks

     the light above them on.  norman turns the faucet off.  the water stops.

     but the hissing sound remains.

     norman looks at the faucet, queerly.  turns it back on.  then off.

     the hissing sound still there.  it isn't the water.

     norman looks down at his feet... 

     the floor -- seems to be moving.  something swimming in the water.

     close on norman's pantleg -- a long, tubular sea snake slithers up
     inside his pantleg, hissing.  his pants bulging as the snake slowly
     slides up past his knee.

     hissing louder

     as more snakes comes through the crack in the wall.

     norman watches with horror in the mirror in front of him as the snake
     slithers up to his groin, and across the inside of his shirt.

     another snake begins wrapping itself around the outside of norman,
     sliding up around his neck.

     we hear footsteps come from down the hall

     norman, standing still, watches as more snakes crawl up his sides,
     slithering around his arms, his shoulders, his neck, under his chin,
     over his face.  their forked tongues flicking and hissing.

                         beth (o.s.)
               what time is it, norman?

     norman looking in the mirror -- as beth comes up behind him in her
     jumpsuit.

                         beth
               do you know the time?

     norman glares at her in the mirror.  his body stiff.

                         beth
               i have to know the time of day,
               norman.  do you know?

     snakes covering his eyes, slithering across his mouth.

                         norman
                    (through his teeth)
               your watch.

     a snake flicking it's tongue at norman's lips.  trying to get inside
     his mouth.

                         beth
               what was that?  i couldn't hear you.

                         norman
               your watch.

                         beth
               oh yes, my watch.  i almost forgot.

     she looks at her watch.

                         beth
               splendid.

     she begins grabbing the snakes off of him, carefully dropping them to
     the ground.  snakes writhing in her hands, twisted around her wrists.
     shakes them off.  some drop in the sink.  she bends out of view -- and
     the snake inside norman's shirt, moves back down the way it came.

     past his stomach, his groin.

     norman heaves from his chest, vomits on the mirror... 

                                                            cut to:

