     int.  airlock room -- (a cylinder)

     dressed in jumpsuits and helmets -- barnes jumps into a pool of ocean
     water, cut out from the floor, leading to the ocean.  it looks like a
     tiny swimming pool.  ted jumps in next.  beth, harry, and norman are
     left...

                         beth
               you're next, norman.

                         norman
                    (nervous as hell)
               no.  go ahead.  really.  ladies first.

                         beth
               such a gentlemen when you're scared
               shitless.

     she hops in.  norman watches, looks up at harry, next to him.

                         harry
               go ahead.  ladies first.

                         norman
               no, why don't --

     harry nudges him forward.

                         harry
               c'mon.

                         norman
               wait a second, i --

     harry pushes him again.  norman catches himself.

                         norman
               geez, c'mon, alright.  gimme a
               minute.  let me get my bearings --

     harry pushes him again.

                         harry
               c'mon, norman.

                         norman
               look, would you --

     and harry just pushes him in.  norman slips and falls awkwardly... into
     the ocean depths.

                                                            cut to:

     black.

     quiet.  only the sound of norman -- breathing.

     for a couple beats.

     now... norman's pov -- from inside his helmet -- a light shines from
     behind him -- casting his shadow onto the murky ocean floor.

     norman's head turns, and he's blinded by a light -- it's harry, the
     light shining from the top of harry's helmet.

     we hear harry's voice, static, through norman's helmet.

                         harry (o.s.)
               the switch is on your waist.

     on norman -- his glove -- fumbling at his waist.

     his helmet light -- flickers on.

     on norman -- slowly, beginning to walk on the ocean floor.

     his feet -- squashing gently, lightly into the muddy ground.

     norman's pov -- can barely make out the others in front of him, their
     helmet lights strobing the dark water, crossing each other, like
     searchlights on a foggy night.

     close on norman's face -- eyes cold, breathing.  couple beats.  and
     hears:

                         ted (o.s.)
               look at that thing.

     norman's eyes look up... we pull back...

     long, high, wide shot of the team -- their little helmet lights tiny
     and insignificant almost as...

     in front of them -- the spacecraft.  dwarfing them in size, looming
     large, majestic, like nothing we've ever seen.  the enormous tail fin,
     in the distance, extends high out of the coral.

     in the huge mound of coral covering the spacecraft, we see a tunnel --
     cut out like a cave -- lined with tiny, dim lightbulbs.

