     int. platform

     they step onto the dusty concrete.  come to a stop.

     susan

     watches nervously for the reaction of the mimics

     outside

     large shadows pass far and near of peter and manny; but none
     of the mimics seem to care about them one way or the other.

     peter and manny exchange looks: a moment of relief.  it's
     working.

     peter slowly moves right along the track to the nearby power
     box.

     manny goes left, starts to make a longer journey across the
     platform to the switch room.

     subway car

     susan moves away from the door, goes over the mimic carcass,
     filled with the bloody bandages.

     platform - by the tracks

     peter makes his way to the edge of the platform, whispering
     to himself.

     he lowers himself slowly to the track.

     platform - near the switchroom

     manny moves toward the door.  a large window of dusty glass
     reflects his image...and the distant ones of the mimics.

     by the tracks

     peter gets to the track.  he turns

     and is met face to face with a mimic!

     its antennae move toward his head, curious.

     its human-mask face plate clicks apart and together.

     peter remains stock still.  he starts breathing deeply...

     subway car

     leonard has now fully opened the doors.

     susan

     pulls the tipcase of the flare tied to the dead mimic's
     midsection.  fsst!  the flare sparks alive.

     the sudden light draws the attention of several mimics
     outside.

     susan pushes the carcass toward an open door at the front of
     the car...

     ...and with a heave, throws it onto the front track.

     outside

     the other mimics take instant notice.

     by peter

     the mimic before him suddenly turns.  in a flash of speed,
     it's gone, heading toward

     the dead mimic

     stuffed with the bloody rage, the thing sends its fellow
     into a feeding frenzy.

     the other mimics begin tearing into it, ripping their brother
     to shreds in cannibalistic orgy.

     subway car

     susan watches in disgust.

                          susan
                choke on it, motherfuckers.

     leonard turns the lever crank again.  the doors begin to
     shut.

     peter

     breathes a sigh of relief.

     he goes to the powerbox, opens it up.

     he shines his flashlight down on the back of his hand.
     the simple chart tells him what to wire:  blue wires to
     the green wires.

                          peter
                     (to himself)
                green...blue...

     he looks back up at the powerbox.  his face falls.

     all the wires are a gross brown, their colored plastic
     casings having long ago faded into goo.

