     int. sewer system

     innards of steel. a vast maze of tunnels.

     a group of figures advances through the tunnels with handheld
     uv lamps.

     the figures are dressed in gray air-tight neoprene suits,
     their faces hidden by skin tight masks and bug-like night
     vision goggles. in the dense silence, respirator valves hiss-
     click at the corner of their lips in mechanical rhythm.

     the scene has a dream-like, choreographed quality.

     night-vision pov

     eerie, aquatic green.  the horde of insects appear to be some
     kind of sea-life, crawling over the floor of a dead ocean.

     the team of figures

     from their midst appears another figure, its neoprene suit a
     flat white.  female, clearly the team leader.

     she carries a stainless steel container filled with twenty
     small compartments, each bearing a large, heavy-shelled roach
     with a different barcode on their back.

     judas roaches.

     she kneels and opens the

     case

     tchk!! a dozen of the judas roaches are released.  they slide
     through into the area.

     the nearby roaches

     react instantaneously.  in a rustle of tiny legs, they begin
     to stream toward the judases.

     jostle and fight each other for position to mate with them.

     they even crawl over the team leader in an effort to reach
     the judases.  the team leader makes no effort to brush them
     off.  patient, almost godlike, she watches the mating.

     later

     a manhole has been opened above. chains are dropped down and
     attached by a team member to a 100-gallon disposal drum.

     reveal the floor of the tunnel, carpeted with the still forms
     of the roaches, now all dead.

     the team members quietly shovel the tiny corpses into other
     disposal drums.

     at their feet skitter the only survivors of the massacre:
     the bar-coded judas roaches.

     in a crunch of machinery, the first disposal drum is lifted
     by the chains through the manhole to

