     int. subway tunnel - later

     ernest walks deeper into the tunnels. dusklight slants in
     weakly from grates above.

     he stops as a rumble is heard ahead of him  he ducks into a
     recess in the wall.  the rumble grows louder, louder.

     a subway train curves around the bend up ahead, its
     headlights raking the opposite wall to reveal...

     a figure crouched over something.

     we hear chomping and swallowing sounds.

     cu ernest

     squinting to see over his flashlight beam.

                          ernest
                hey, buddy!

     no answer.  just the wet sounds of food getting chewed and
     ingested.  ernest is revolted.

                          ernest
                get off my track...

     the crouching figure lifts its head and looks around in a
     unusually quick blur of motion.  it's the overcoat man.

     another distant rumble. ernest's clothes flutter in the puff
     of hot wind that signals an approaching train.

     ernest pulls a can of mace from his belt, begins to advance.

     the overcoat man stands up.

     ernest stops in his tracks.

     for he sees that the overcoat man is holding a large object
     in his arms. something wet and shiny with blood.

     a dead dog.

     the overcoat man drops the animal.  it rolls slowly down his
     chest...

     ...and is briefly caught by another set of arms extending
     from his torso.

                          ernest
                sweet jesus...

     the overcoat man lets the animal fall to the ground.  he
     begins walking toward ernest.

     ernest backs away.

     the overcoat man leaps on him just as the subway train roars
     past!

     crack! ernest's body is twisted and crunched by powerful
     arms.

     through the strobing windows we see ernest enveloped by the
     dark figure, then raised above, taken away.

     track

     the can of mace rolls next to the track as the train clears.

     the track is empty again.

                                                            cut to:

