     int. auditorium - city hall

     a news conference in progress.  a packed house.  t.v.
     monitors spaced ever 10 seats or so. in the audience, the
     mayor of new york and various city officials, listening to

     peter, speaking at the podium with the ease and enthusiasm of
     a public servant still untainted by bureaucracy.

     on a tv monitor

     while peter talks, a news title appears at the bottom of the
     screen: peter tyler. deputy director, department of health.

                          peter
                     (wrapping up)
                ...in nature, evolution is a long,
                leisurely conversation between an
                organism and its environment. we,
                however, did not have the luxury of
                time...

     susan is waiting in the wings. she observes the audience.

     she notices that the entire front row is composed of children
     who have survived strickler's.  leg and arm braces, facial
     scarring...

     he nods at susan, who takes the podium, adjusting her jacket,
     slightly ill at ease in her business suit.  she clears her
     throat, speaks softly.

                          susan
                with the aid of genetic labs throughout
                the country, we recombined cockroach dna
                with genetic information from termites
                and mantids. we were able to create a
                biological counter-agent.  a new ally, if
                you will...

     she places a clear container on the podium for all to see.

                          susan
                blattida traditor.

     cu container

     one of the judas roaches skitters about in the container.

                          susan (os)
                the "judas roach".

     cameras flash.  murmurs from the audience.

                          susan
                the judas is a non-carrier of stricklers,
                with a short life-span and heightened
                pheromone emission.

     on the back row she can see some ecological hand-painted
     signs being raised in silent protest. she stumbles for a
     second, then resumes her speech.

                          susan
                the female is basically a sexual magnet;
                common males travelled miles and fought
                for the right to mate with them.

     the audience is rapt.

                          susan
                when they did, they took away something
                else we added -- a hormone, passed
                through sexual congress that causes their
                metabolism to go into overdrive.  no
                matter what their food intake, they
                starved to death in a matter of hours.

     now peter takes the mic.

                          peter
                we've achieved almost total eradication
                of the roach population.  as of today,
                the disease has been officially
                contained.

     a standing ovation starts and is carried on as we...

                                                            cut to:

