     int. mounting room - night

     we see the nymph slowly squirming in the fg, then rack focus
     to the rain-spattered window.

     suddenly the overcoat man is standing on the windowsill!

     the window is lifted effortlesly from the outside.

     susan

     prepares a blue solution and places two drops on each smear
     slide.

     reflected in the glass brick behind her we see the man moving
     across the room.

     the overcoat man

     seen only through rippled glass and reflections, moves
     through the lab.

     his body steams lightly from the rain. his movements are
     quirky, spastic.

     the man observes the imprisoned insects with curiosity.

     he comes to the nymph, pinned and mutilated on the worktable.
     the nymph clicks and chitters excitedly, as if communicating
     with the man.

     he looks up at the worklight.  it seems to bother him.

     whump!!! in a blur of motion, he smashes the light bulb.

     susan

     watches the smear slide.  the blue droplets begin to change
     color once in contact with the leg section...

                          susan
                hold on a second...

     ...slowly turning a deep green.

                          siri
                what?

     then, three large beetles fly into the room.

     siri looks at susan. susan gets up, hesitant, signals for
     siri to stay.

     we follow susan into the mounting room.

     susan's pov

     she walks in, barely able to see her hand in front of her
     face.

     the window facing the street is wide open, rain blowing in.

     something crunches under her feet.  she bends down, looks.

     she's stepped on the broken glass of the lightbulb.

     the floor is alive with various insects -- crawling, hopping,
     flying away from their displays, which have been opened.

     the nymph is gone from the board!

     she looks under the work table the nymph was on.

     we lower as we track back with her.  something is folded up
     in the corner of the ceiling behind her, camouflaged in the
     shadows, clinging impossibly to the wall.

     the overcoat man.

     he lowers himself with silent grace.

     susan whirls.

     whoosh! a gust of wind! a fluttering shadow off the window!

     silence.

                          siri (o.s.)
                susan?

     susan gasps, startled.  we shift to see siri at the door.

                          susan
                call security.

                                                            cut to:

