     ext. alphabet city - night

     the williamsburg bridge dimly visible through the rain.

     alphabet city streets

     empty warehouses. closed businesses. traffic lights blinking
     on empty streets. everything seems doomed under the heavy
     layer of rain.

     superimpose:  two years later

     a dilapidated building before us. a blazing neon cross made
     of the words 'jesus saves' hangs askew from its facade.

     crane to see the rooftop.

     wham! the door to the interior stairs flies open and a tall,
     thin chinese preacher in his sixties lurches out, eyes wild
     with terror.

     he looks back down the steps.

     something's climbing up fast, casting ominous, complex
     shadows on the wall.

     too many footsteps for it to be just one person.

     the man hurriedly shuts the door and slides a bolt home.

     trembling, he backs away as a booming thud makes the door
     shudder. raw, frenzied pounding and scratching follows...
     something inhuman, determined to break through.

     the metal surface suddenly buckles and bulges.

     on the man's white undershirt, a blotch of blood starts to
     grow.  needles of rain stab his flesh.

     he searches wildly for a possible escape.

     he reaches the edge of the roof: it's five floors down to the
     sidewalk.

     two of the hinges on the door come loose, pulverizing the
     surrounding concrete.

     wham!  the door to the stairs bulges outward as something
     smashes against it again and again.  frenzied scratching.

     the man sprints to the other end of the roof. there, on the
     adjoining building...

     the chinese preacher's pov

     just one floor below on the building across the alley is a
     suspended painters' platform, crowded with paint cans under a
     tarp.  a two-story old eyewear advertisement from the 40's is
     being painted over.

     the chinese preacher

     looks back to the door.  bam! a tremendous shattering sound.
     light spills from inside. two bolts fly in the air, a hinge
     gives.

     he cries out in terror.

     the man gauges the distance between buildings; can he make
     it?

     he takes a few steps back, a few more...

     panting hard, he closes his eyes, his chest soaked in blood
     and rain.

     the door explodes outward and skids across the slippery roof.

     light from inside projects the shadow of wild, busy things
     onto the curtain of rain.

     weeping with fear, the man desperately tries to hurl himself
     to the catwalk.

     it's too far.

     he falls...crash!  he hits the platform, knocking boards
     loose and sending paint cans onto their sides, rolling.  he
     bounces, slides off the edge, barely able to grab onto a
     loose board to save himself from falling.

     the rain blasts down.  the scaffold creaks.  he hits the
     edge, upsetting the cans of paint there.

     he holds onto the planks with all his might, trying to push
     with his feet, but they slide on the wet wall.

     below

     cans bounce off the pavement. white pain blasts all over.

     cu hands

     the man's hands slip on the planks, tiring.

     feet

     the chinese preacher's feet bicycle in the air, unable to
     find a purchase on the wet brick wall-

     the chinese preacher

     is hanging just in front of the painted eye of the forties'
     model.  he looks up above him, sees something-

                          chinese preacher
                no.  please, god, no!

     a shadow crosses his face as something looms above him.
     suddenly there is a crack and the platform tilts completely
     on one end.

     hands

     the chinese preacher's fingernails dig in, then slip on the
     wet wood.

     his hands paw the air.

     wider

     for a moment his body, silhouetted in the rain, seems
     suspended in a void. then he falls backwards.

     the ground

     impact. his body cracks the pavement.

     small pools of rain form on his dead, open eyes.

     we crane to reveal

     a window on a building across the street

     chuy, a young latino boy. he stares out the window at the
     chinese preacher's body with no discernable emotion.

     he works a small wire sculpture in his hands.

     apartment

     it's a small one-bedroom apartment.

     an old man sleeps peacefully on a cot: chuy's grandfather.
     manny gaviola, mid 60's, white hair haloes his handsome,
     benign face.

     all around him: shoes, shoes everywhere you look, on the
     table, on the chairs, on the kitchen counter, on the floor.

     a small altar is illuminated by votive candles. next to it,
     standing by the window is

     chuy

     his p.o.v.

     we see a blurry vision of the chinese preacher's splayed
     figure in a swirl of color.

     chuy's attention focuses on the preacher's shoes.

     chuy

                          chuy
                     (a whisper)
                oxfords, 8 1/2. black...

     he looks away from the body and goes back to twisting the
     wire into shape.

     the puddle of paint

     around the preacher, reflects large shadows moving above,
     and across the neon sign...

     chuy

     hears a strange sound, a rhythmic clicking.

     his head lifts and what he sees causes his expression to
     change--there is an uncharacteristic flicker of excitement in
     his eyes.

     across the rooftop

     we are behind whatever it is that has captured chuy's
     attention.

     tickety-tackety-tock...

     the strange clicking sound grows louder.  the figure begins
     moving in some weird, preparatory fashion. then it steps
     forward and drops out of frame.

     chuy

     his eyes follow the figure down to the pavement in a slow
     arc.

     chuy puts down the wire miniature and opens the window to get
     a better view.

     ground level

     the chinese preacher's body is now being dragged toward the
     rear of the alley, leaving colored paint smears in its wake.

     chuy

     we isolate the boy's face and, on the soundtrack, every other
     noise fades away.

     chuy reaches for a pair of spoons nearby.

     he begins to click them together.

     imitating the strange clicking sound heard a moment ago.

     the chinese preacher

     is being pulled into a small, ground-level vent. the only
     problem is that no human is small enough to squeeze through
     this hole.

     chuy

     watches, still clicking with his spoons.

     the chinese preacher's body

     is stuck. one of his legs is through the hole up to the
     thigh, but the other is folded up unnaturally and pressing
     against the wall next to the vent. impossible.

     there is a silent beat, and then a series of incredibly
     violent tugs, bam! bam! bam! shaking the paint-soaked body
     like a rag doll.

     chuy

     his spoons stop. his jaw tightens a little as we hear
     terrible cracking and scraping sounds.

     the window

     the chinese preacher's head and hands disappear into the
     hole. bits of clothing, paint and blood stick to the edges of
     the opening.

     chuy

     watches, still fascinated.

                          chuy
                     (very low)
                funny, funny shoes...

     he starts a new wire sculpture.

                                                            cut to:

