     int. niche

     we hear a persistent beeping...

     a concrete room filled with glimmering debris. cans,
     eyeglasses, fake teeth, chrome, foil, glass shards, broken
     watches.

     susan lies unconscious, half-sunk in a mulch of decomposing
     food, old newspapers, plastic garbage bags.  an inch of brown
     water burbles past her bloody head.

     something jostles her, rocking her back and forth.

     her eyelids slowly open.

     a huge mimic is perched on her body!

     its wingcase is drooped around her like a shroud. the
     creature furiously tears at her jacket, trying to get at
     susan's beeper.

     the beeper spills from her pocket along with several pay day
     bars.  the mimic crushes the machine instantly, then chomps
     up all the candy bars with a single move of its mandibles.

     susan watches in terror as the creature steps away.

     a sound from an adjacent tunnel.  susan looks...

     ...and sees another mimic pulling the remains of a man into
     the darkness.

     susan gropes around her in the soggy debris, looking for some
     weapon.

     susan's hand

     her fingers close around a three-foot piece of rusty pipe.

     something dark drips on her hand.

     susan

     looks up. above her, a badly decomposing human foot, or what
     is left of it.  all part of the excarnated corpse of the
     chinese preacher.  his gold cross shines boldly in the dark.

     susan gasps.

     the mimic

     hears the sound.  it immediately skitters back to her.

     susan

     jerks herself sideways...

     and stabs the pipe into the mimic's thorax with a wet crrk!

     susan heaves herself up, pushing the thing onto its back.

     the mimic buzzes furiously, milky white foam pumping from the
     wound.  its legs slash the air as it tries to right itself.

     susan runs for the tunnels, debris falling from her clothing.

                                                            cut to:

     josh

     comes to a t-junction.  he checks his notepad for the
     appropriate direction.

     he turns, heads left.

                                                            cut to:

