     int. hole

     the tick-ticking of the mimic's antennae scanning the lid.

     susan hangs from the handles on the lid, her arms trembling.

     susan's strength gives out.  she lets go, falls.

     pipe gallery

     susan crashes onto a juncture between two large pipes.

     she moans in pain.

     closer - susan

     secures her position, looks down.  a seemingly bottomless pit
     below, crisscrossed with a forest of pipes and ducts.

     the nearest pipe above her is well beyond reach.

     she is trapped.

     then she hears the sound of the lid opening above.  she holds
     her breath.

     a faint yellow light of a lighter flickers down at her.

                                                            cut to:

     wet section

     josh cautiously enters a vaulted area.  old pipes have been
     ripped from the walls.  water gushes over the steel-plated
     walls.  he looks around- this doesn't seem familiar.

     josh freezes as he sees something behind a loose metal plate
     on the wall.

     he yanks at the plate- it gives a little bit. he yanks
     harder- the plate falls down on one side, hanging
     precariously from a loose bolt.

     it reveals a hole packed with dozens and dozens of oothecas.

     he leans close to examine them- there is a noise in the
     tunnel behind him-

     josh's pov - waterfall

     a curtain of water falls over the side of a pipe onto the
     floor.  behind it, something enormous crawls into view.
     multiple legs, antennae, an elongated body distorted by the
     water and the light of a flare.  it stops-

     josh

     holding his breath and tiptoeing sideways, never taking his
     eyes off the thing, josh begins to move away.  he sees a
     narrow opening in the wall- there seems to be dim light
     coming from something beyond it.  he tries to squeeze through
     the opening-

     mimic

     the creature is immobile behind the sheet of water, as if
     mesmerized by its flow-

     pit - josh

     with tremendous effort, josh passes through the opening.

     he finds himself inside a bowl-shaped mud hole.  scattered
     around him he sees funny bunny patches that were sewn in the
     sweatshop.  he trips on a half-buried sewing machine.  he
     looks up-

     above him is a grate.  he's come to the shower room of the
     sweatshop!

