     ext. flophouse - night

     it's raining like hell. manny approaches the abandoned
     flophouse.

     he peeks through the boarded-up front entrance. right there,
     on the dusty lobby floor, clearer than the larger
     shoeprints...

     ...he discovers a trail of tiny, barefoot prints.

                          manny
                chuy...

     he kicks experimentally at the planks, but they're far too
     strong.

     alley

     manny explores the opposite face of the building, looking for
     a way in.

     a dog is barking incessantly. manny turns.

     something moves in the shadows!  something long and thin,
     haloed  by the rain.

     it moves again, the streetlight touching it for a fleeting
     moment as it totters around to the rear of the building.
     it's the overcoat man!

     the man hurries past. manny sprints after him.

     alleys

     manny comes running around a pile of grocery crates.

     there is the overcoat man.

     cargo workers mill around a group of vegetable trucks,
     unloading produce.

     the overcoat man attracts no attention. keeping his head
     down, staying near the shadowed buildings. jumping and
     hopping, he skitters into an alley.

     following

     manny has to trot to keep up with the mysterious figure. he
     pauses to take a pill and place it under his tongue.
     once it takes effect he moves on.

     the overcoat man has moved past a chainlink fence. how??
     it's too high!!!

     the old man squeezes through a jagged opening. the metal
     fabric cuts his shirt.

     on the other side: a dead end. nowhere to go except
     for...

     a sewage grate

     manny lifts it.

     sewage pipe

     manny lands on his feet with considerable difficulty. he
     flicks his lighter flame and opens the straight razor.

     this pipe is carpeted with trash and a thick crust of dirt.
     something moves under a wet newspaper: a thick mass of long-
     legged spiders dissolve onto the walls and floor.

     suddenly...the distant sound of spoons playing.

                          manny
                chuy...

     manny pulls a rosary from his pocket, wraps it around
     his wrist and crosses himself with the razor...

     ...then begins to move down the pipe.

                                                            cut to:

     platform "a" delancey

     susan examines the polaroids.  she pulls out a payday bar.

     the crew of repairmen are leaving.

                          repairman
                hey, lady, all power will be down in
                five minutes, okay?

                          susan
                okay....

     she munches on the bar. she stops: one snapshot has caught
     her attention.  the fridge light illuminated this photograph.

     susan turns it around... and around... trying to find
     something different in the lines.

     a train roars by.

     then she notices it:

     the polaroid

     the closed jaws. they look like a human face.

     susan

     gets up nervously and heads for the dor to the locker room.

     a whole row of lamps goes off. the rest flickers in and
     out.

     then we see, now standing on her platform: the overcoat man!!
     he looks at her between a row of columns under the dead neon
     lights.

     susan tries the locker room door. it's unlocked.

