	int. the warehouse - night

	thinking they're shooting at him, weiner shoots back. in
	the corner of his eye he sees spider-man at a side window.
	he aims his rifle and spidey ducks out of the way.
	the frightened weiner moves to the side window to blow
	spidey away. as he moves past the front windows he is lit
	by the searchlights that play on his face darkly.
	spidey leaps in at front window and drops neatly behind
	weiner, landing a pose.

				spider-man
			(cold, hard)
		say your prayers, weiner!

	weiner whips around and fires. spidey leaps to avoid it
	and lands on a stack of paint cans.

				weiner
		you ain't takin' me... spider-man... who
		ever you are...

	spidey gathers himself tighter. he leaps. a second gun
	burst comes in behind him, several paint cans erupt in
	cascades of color.

				spider-man
			(hanging on ceiling)
		hey, creep!

	weiner aims and fires, several times. he is emptying his
	rifle. spidey leaps away and lands on the top of a cask
	marked "caution-flammable solvent!"

				spider-man
			(taunting)
		try again.

	the cask gives way and spidey is plunged into the
	flammable solvent. weiner smiles his stupid grin and
	takes aim.

	spidey leaps out of the cask and sticks to the roof beam.
	he's sopping wet. his hand slips down the beam as the
	solvent works against his sticking power.

	he falls to the floor and scrambles behind some paint
	cans. weiner, crazed, fires wildly. one of the cans
	explodes. paint flows from it... burning!

	spidey peeks out and sees a yellow river of flame creeping
	toward him. he sniffs his solvent soaked outfit.

	he backs down a "corridor" of paint cans. the yellow fire
	follows, now joined by a river of blue fire from another
	can. they're following the trail of solvent he's
	dripping!

	he's trapped!

				cop (v.o.)
			(on bullhorn)
		this is your last chance, you two.
		either you're coming out, or we're coming
		in!

	spidey's against the wall! paint cans to his right and
	left, and a river of red flame joins the yellow and blue
	as they creep toward him!

	he climbs backwards up the wall, face toward the blaze.
	the colored fires join and follow him up the wall!
	they're licking at his feet!

				weiner
			(at the window)
		stay back!
			(gun burst)
		whoa... stay back down there!

	spidey is inches from being torched. he sees a pipe. he
	reaches out and grabs it. he swings out above the flames.
	but the pipe begins to bend!

	the pipe bends down... down... and then breaks! spidey
	hangs precariously as water cascades out of the pipe and
	puts out the fire.

	spidey drops down and rest his head in his hands to
	collect himself. then looks up. the gun is at his head.

				weiner
		stand up, you.

	spidey stands.

				cop (v.o.)
		you have thirty seconds to come out!

				weiner
		you're my ticket outa here. gimme that
		stupid mask!

	spider-man hesitates. then he begins to raise the mask,
	but stops and shakes his head no.

				weiner
		then i'll take it myself.

	he reaches for the mask and spider-man flips him across
	the room. weiner lands in a cargo net and becomes
	ensnared.

				spider-man
		well, look what we've caught in our web...

				weiner
		don't hurt me, man. please don't hurt me...

