	int. control room - night

	the countdown clock reads, "00:00:15" as spidey and liz
	continue to pull wires and cables. two waldos erupt
	through the floor and grab spidey. they pull spidey to
	the floor. entangled in these molybdimum pythons, spidey
	struggles valiantly. liz leaps to his aid.

				liz
		oh my god...

	a third waldo, a broken one, snakes up from the hole and
	begins feeling blindly around on the console for the power
	throttle.

				spider-man
		the power!

	liz sees the damaged waldos heading for the red throttle.
	the countdown clock is at "00:00:10". liz leaps and tries
	to wrestle it away. it whips in her arms and she holds on
	tight. it bangs her against the wall and then the
	console. she holds on. "00:00:03". the waldo crashes
	liz against the wall which erupts in sparks. she lets go
	of it. it heads for the power throttle! "00:00:01!"
	spider-man can't break the grip of the waldos, but he can
	pull with super-human strength. he yanks ock up through
	the stone floor. ock hits the ceiling of the control
	room. one waldo grabs on. the other one throws the red
	power throttle!

				ock
		spider-man. you're end is coming. life
		in its present form is ending... new
		dimensions, new horizons...

	the universal bullet begins to glow. the glow sharpens to
	a point of light. spider-man holds on tight against a
	rushing energy flow that's pulling everything in the room
	towards the point of light.

				liz
			(bracing against the storm)
		what is happening?

				spider-man
			(similarly braced)
		i don't know!!!

	liz starts to slip away into the flow. she struggles
	against it.

				liz
		i can't... hold on!

	spidey thwips her and she grabs onto the web.

				spider-man
		hold tight, liz, hold tight!

	ock drops calmly, beatifically, to the floor of the room.
	he moves slowly, under his own power, into the light.

				ock
			(spaced out)
		you cut my power... there's too little
		power... it's so tiny... so tiny...
		there's only space... for me. but i've
		done it, spider-man. i have broken
		through... i've broken through!

				liz
		don't do it, dr. octavius!

				ock
		okey... dokey... now that's what i call
		an experiment!!!

	as he nears the light he actually becomes a part of it.
	he radiates light. he shimmers and shines. he fills the
	room with blinding light.

	spidey and liz shield their eyes, and as the light
	diminishes, the storm subsides. they're safe. except for
	the fact that they're in a floating building, 10,000 feet
	above the city!

