     int. women's room

     christy enters the bathroom; it is deserted.  she fondles 
     her rosary beads, and sinks to her knees.  this position 
     doesn't work for her; she stands.  she looks around her; 
     she glances up, toward heaven.  she decides to do things 
     simply, and speaks in a matter-of-fact tone.

     page 95.

                               christy
               okay, it's me.  mary clarence.  christy. 
               it's chris carter.  i need some help 
               here.  i can't believe i'm doing this. 
               okay, look, i know i should just get back 
               in the car, and get the hell out of here.  
               save my skin.  i mean, it's not wrong, 
               vince really wants to kill me. why do you 
               make guys like vince?  but if i don't 
               sing at st. matthew's... mary robert.  
               mary patrick.  it means so much to them.  
               they're counting on me -- and i like 
               that.  maybe reverend mother is right, 
               maybe i am a bad influence, maybe i'm 
               just some vegas slut, but... can we cut a 
               deal here?  i mean, i still don't believe 
               in, like, most of the commandments, and 
               stuff in church still gives me the 
               willies, but -- if i go back and sing, if 
               i do a good deed, will you promise i 
               won't get killed?  all i want is a sign.  
               lightning.  thunder. anything.

     suddenly, christy hears the toilet flush in the next 
     bathroom.

                               christy
                             (in disbelief)
               no.  no.  doesn't count...

     suddenly, christy hears "ave maria" coming from a radio or 
     tv outside the bathroom.  she looks up; a ray of sunlight 
     illuminates a grimy, dime-store christmas tree ornament 
     hanging from a room deodorizer.  the ornament is a glittery 
     angel; it sparkles in the light.

     christy leaves the bathroom, still not quite sure.

