     int. reception area

     christy, clearly terrified, is walking quickly away from 
     vince's office.  she passes through a glass door which 
     leads to the cubicle area.

     long shot of the cubicle area, which resembles a darkened 
     maze.  christy hears joey approaching; she runs into the 
     cubicle area.

                               joey
               christy?  he only wants to talk to you!

     page 14.

     angle on christy, crouched behind a half-wall.  she is 
     clutching the coat.

                               willy
               christy?

     there is a stuffed toy, a "garfield the cat," attached to 
     the wall near christy, with suction cups.  christy tries to 
     pull the cat's feet off the wall, very quietly.

                               joey
               christy?

     christy finally just yanks the cat off the wall.  she 
     hurls it as high and as far as she can, to the opposite end 
     of the room.

     angle on the flying stuffed cat.

     joey sees the blur of the cat; he shoots it, and the cat 
     explodes.

                               joey
               come on, christy!  there's no place to 
               go!

     christy steadies herself against a xerox machine.  she 
     accidentally activates the machine, which lights up and 
     starts humming.

     angle on willy, as he hears the xerox machine.  he quickly 
     moves toward the sound.

     willy reaches the xerox machine; the area is deserted.  he 
     starts moving quickly down the aisle   a chair, the kind on 
     casters, comes rolling out of one of the cubicle doorways; 
     the chair hits willy and he falls.

     christy runs out of the cubicle; willy is on the floor, 
     struggling to get up.  as christy sprints away, willy 
     shoots at her.  he misses, but a glass partition shatters.

     christy runs for an open elevator, but it has been 
     summoned from another floor and the doors are beginning to 
     close. she runs even faster.  a bullet whistles past her 
     ear and hits the back wall of the elevator.  she reaches 
     for the doors a moment too late, and the elevator is gone.

     christy scrambles to the door beside the elevator and runs 
     into a stairwell as two more bullets bite pieces out of the 
     door.

