14 ext. stern of deck of kedysh - day

the safe, dripping wet in the afternoon sun, is lowered onto the deck of a
ship by a winch cable.

we are on the russian research vessel akademik mistislav keldysh. a crowd
has gathered, including most of the crew of keldysh, the sub crews, and a
hand-wringing money guy named bobby buell who represents the limited
partners. there is also a documentary video crew, hired by lovett to cover
his moment of glory.

everyone crowds around the safe. in the background mir two is being lowered
into its cradle on deck by a massive hydraulic arm. mir one is already
recovered with lewis bodine following brock lovett as he bounds over to the
safe like a kid on christman morning.

                                  bodine

who's the best? say it.

                                  lovett

you are, lewis.

                            (to the video crew)

you rolling?

                                 cameraman

rolling.

brock nods to his technicians, and they set about drilling the safe's
hinges. during this operation, brock amps the suspense, working the lens to
fill the time.

                                  lovett

well, here it is, the moment of truth. here's where we find out if the
time, the sweat, the money spent to charter this ship and these subs, to
come out here to the middle of the north atlantic... were worth it. if what
we think is in that same... is in that safe... it will be.

lovett grins wolfishly in anticipation of his greatest find yet. the door
is pried loose. it clangs onto the deck. lovett moves closer, peering into
the safe's wet interior. a long moment then... his face says it all.

                                  lovett

shit.

                                  bodine

you know, boss, this happened to geraldo and his career never recovered.

                                  lovett

                         (to the video cameraman)

get that outta my face.

                                                                   cut to:

