131 int. / ext. bridge

inside the enclosed wheelhous, sixth officer moody walks unhurriedly to the
telephone, picking it up.

                               fleet (v.o.)

is someone there?

                                   moody

yes. what do you see?

                                   fleet

iceberg right ahead!

                                   moody

thankyou.

                       (hangs up, calls to murdoch)

iceberg right ahead!

murdoch sees it and rushes to the engine room telegraph. while signaling
"full speed astern" he yells to quartermaster hitchins, who is at the
wheel.

                                  murdoch

hard a' starboard.

                                   moody

                        (standing behind hitchins)

hard'a starboard. the helm is hard over, sir.

crash sequence / series of cuts:

132 chief engineer bell is just checking the soup he has warming on a steam
manifold when the engine telegraph clangs, then goes... incredibly... to
full speed astern. he and the other engineers just stare at it a second,
unbelieving. then bell reacts.

                                   bell

full astern! full astern!!

the engineers and greasers like madmen to close steam valves and start
braking the mighty propeller shafts, big as sequias, to a stop.

133 in boiler room six, leading stoker frederick barrett is standing with
2nd engineer james hesketh when the red warning light and "stop" indicator
come on.

                                  barrett

shut all dampers! shut 'em!!

134 from the bridge murdoch watches the burg growing... straight ahead. the
bow finally starts to come left (since the ship turns the reverse of the
helm setting).

murdoch's jaw clenches as the bow turns with agonizing slowness. he holds
his breath as the horrible physics play out.

135 in the crow's nest frederick fleet braces himself.

136 the bow of the ship thunders right at camera and--

kruuunch!! the ship hits the berg on its starboard bow.

137 underwater we see the ice smashing in the steel hull plates. the
iceberg bumps and scrapes along the side of the ship. rivets pop as the
steel plate of the hull flexes under the load.

138 in #2 hold the two stewards stagger as the hull buckles in four feet
with a sound like thunder. like a sledgehammer beating along outside the
ship, the berg splits the hull plates and the sea pour in, sweeping them
off their feert. the icy water swirls around the renault as the men
scramble for the stairs.

139 on g-deck forward fabrizio is tossed in his bunk by the impact. he
hears a sound like the greatly amplified squeal of a skate on ice.

140 in boiler room six barret and hesketh stagger as they hear the rolling
thunder of the collision. they see the starboard side of the ship buckle in
toward them and are almost swept off their feet by a rush of water coming
in about two feet above the floor.

141 on the forward well deck jack and rose break their kiss and look up in
astonishment as the berg sails past, blocking out the sky like a mountain.
fragments break off it and crash down onto the deck, and they have to jump
back to avoid flying chunks of ice.

142 on the bridge murdoch rings the watertight door alarm. he quicky throws
the switch that closes them.

                                  murdoch

hard a 'port!

judging the berg to be amidships, he is trying to clear the stern.

143 barrett and hesketh hear the door alarm and scramble through the
swirling water to the watertight door between boiler rooms 6 and 5. the
room is full of water vapor as the cold sea strikes the red hot furnaces.
barrett yells to the stokers scrambling through the door as it comes down
like a slow guillotine.

                                  barrett

go lads! go! go!

he dives through into boiler room 5 just before the door rumbles down with
a clang.

144 jack and rose rush to the starboard rail in time to see the berg moving
aft down the side of the ship.

145 in his stateroom, surrounded by piles of plans while making notes in
his ever-present book, andrews looks up at the sound of a cut-crystal light
fixture tinkling like a windchime.

he feels the shudder run through the ship. and we see it in his face. too
much of his soul is in this great ship for him not to feel its mortal
wound.

146 in the first class smoking room gracie watches his highball vibrating
on the table.

147 in the palm court, with its high arched windows, molly brown holds up
her drink to a passing waiter.

                                   molly

hey, can i get some ice here, please?

silently, a moving wall of ice fills the window behind her. she doesn't see
it. it disappears astern.

148 omitted

149 in the crow's nest fleet turns to his lee...

                                   fleet

oy, mate... that was a close shave.

                                    lee

smell ice, can you? bleedin' christ!

                                                                   cut to:

