234 ext. boat deck, starboard side

murdoch, at collapsible a, is no longer in control. the crowd is
threatening to rush the boat. they push and jostle, yelling and shouting at
the officers. the pressure from behind pushes them forward, and one guy
falls off the edge of the deck into the water less than ten feet below.

                                   tommy

give us a chance to live, you limey bastards!

murdoch fires his webley twice in the air, then point it at the crowd.

                                  murdoch

i'll shoot any man who tries to get past me.

cal steps up to him.

                                    cal

we had a deal, damn you.

murdoch pushes him back, pointing the pistol at cal.

                                  murdoch

get back!

a man next to tommy rushes forward, and tommy is shoved from behind.
murdoch shoots the first man, and seeing tommy coming forward, puts a
bullet into his chest.

tommy collapses, and fabrizio grabs him, holding him in his arms as his
life flows out over the deck.

murdoch turns to his men and salutes smartly. then he puts the pistol to
his temple and... blam! he drops like a puppet with the strings cut and
topples over the edge of the boat deck into the water only a few feet
below.

cal stares in horror at murdoch's body bobbing in the black water. the
money floats out of the pocket of his greatcoat, the bills spreading across
the surface.

the crew rush to get the last few women aboart the boat.

                              purser mcelroy

                       (calling above the confusion)

any more women or children?!

the child crying in the alcove. cal scoops her up and runs forward,
cradling her in his arms.

                                    cal

                    (forcing his way through the crowd)

here's a child! i've got a child!

                               cal (cont'd)

                               (to mcelroy)

please... i'm all she has in the world.

mcelroy nods curtly and pushes him into the boat. he spins with his gun,
brandishing it in the air to keep the other men back. cal gets into the
boat, holding the little girl. he takes a seat with the women.

                                    cal

there, there.

                                                                   cut to:

