80 int. d-deck reception room

cut to the reception room on d deck, as the party descends to dinner. they
encounter molly brown, looking good in a beaded dress, in her own busty
broad-shouldered way. molly grins when she sees jack. as they are going
into the dining saloon she walks next to him, speaking low:

                                   molly

ain't nothin' to it, is there, jack?

                                   jack

yeah, you just dress like a pallbearer and keep your nose up.

                                   molly

remember, the only thing they respect is money, so just act like you've got
a lot of it and you're in the club.

as they enter the swirling throng, rose leans close to him, pointing out
several notables.

                                   rose

there's the countess rothes. and that's john jacob astor... the richest man
on the ship. his little wifey there, madeleine, is my age and in a delicate
condition. see how she's trying to hide it. quite the scandal.

                         (nodding toward a couple)

and over there, that's sir cosmo and lucile, lady duff-gordon. she designs
naughty lingerie, among her many talents. very popular with the royals.

cal becomes engrossed in a conversations with cosmo duff-gordon and colonel
gracie, while ruth, the countess and lucille discuss fashion. rose picots
jack smoothly, to show him another couple, dressed impeccably.

                                   rose

and that's benjamin guggenheim and his mistress, madame aubert. mrs.
guggenheim is at home with the children, of course.

cal, meanwhile, is accepting the praise of his male counterparts, who are
looking at rose like a prize show horse.

                                 sir cosmo

hockley, she is splendid.

                                    cal

thank you.

                                  gracie

cal's a lucky man. i know him well, and it can only be luck.

ruth steps over, hearing the last. she takes cal's arm, somewhat
coquettishly.

                                   ruth

how can you say that colonel? caledon hockley is a great catch.

the entourage strolls toward the dining saloon, where they run into the
astor's going through the ornate double doors.

                                   rose

j.j., madeleine, i'd like you to meet jack dawson.

                                   astor

                            (shaking his hand)

good to meet you jack. are you of the boston dawsons?

                                   jack

no, the chippewa falls dawsons, actually.

j.j. nods as if he's heard of them, then looks puzzled. madeleine astor
appraises jack and whispers girlishly to rose:

                                 madeleine

it's a pity we're both spoken for, isn't it?

                                                                   cut to:

