99 ext. titanic - day

titanic steams toward us, in the dusk light, as if lit by the embers of a
giant fire. as the ship looms, filling frame, we push in on the bow. jack
is there, right at the apex of the bow railing, his favorite spot. he
closes his eyes, letting the chill wind clear his head.

jack hears her voice, behind him...

                                   rose

hello, jack.

he turns and she is standing there.

                                   rose

i changed my mind.

he smiles at her, his eyes drinking her in. her cheeks are red with the
chill wind, and her eyes sparkle. her hair blows wildly about her face.

                                   rose

fabrizio said you might be up--

                                   jack

sssshh. come here.

he puts his hands on her waist. as if he is going to kiss her.

                                   jack

close your eyes.

she does, and he turns her to face forward, the way the ship is going. he
presses her gently to the rail, standing right behind her. then he takes
her two hands and raises them until she is standing with her arms
outstetched on each side. rose is going along with him. when he lowers his
hands, her arms stay up... like wings.

                                   jack

okay. open them.

rose gasps. there is nothing in her field of vision but water. it's like
there is no ship under them at all, just the two of them soaring. the
atlantic unrolls toward her, a hammered copper shield under a dusk sky.
there is only the wind, and the hiss of the water 50 feel below.

                                   rose

i'm flying!

she leans forward, arching her back. he puts his hands on her waist to
steady her.

                                   jack

                             (singing softly)

come josephine in my flying machine...

rose cleses her eyes, feeling herself floating weightless far above the
sea. she smiles dreamily, then leans back, gently pressing her back against
his chest. he pushes forward slightly against her.

slowly he raises his hands, arms outstretched, and they meet hers...
fingertips gently touching. then their fingers intertwine. moving slowly,
their fingers caress through and around each other like the bodies of two
lovers.

jack tips his face forward into her blowing hair, letting the scent of her
wash over him, until his cheek is agianst her ear.

rose turns her head until her lips are near his. she lowers her arms,
turning further, until she finds his mouth with hers. he wraps his arms
around her from behind, and they kiss like this with her head turned and
tilted back, surrendering to him, to the emotion, to the inevitable. they
kiss, slowly and tremulously, and then with building passion.

jack and the ship seem to merge into one force of power and optimism,
lifting her, buoying her forward on a magical journey, soaring onward into
a night without fear.

100 in the crow's nest, high above and behind them, lookout frederick fleet
nudges his mate, reginald lee, pointing down at the figures in the bow.

                                   fleet

wish i had those bleedin' binoculars.

101 jack and rose, embracing at the bow rail, dissolve slowly away, leaving
the ruined bow of the wreck--

                                                                   cut to:

