75 ext. a deck promenade - day

rose and jack stroll aft, past people lounging on deck chairs in the
slanting late-afternoon light. stewards scurry to serve tea or hot cocoa.

                                   rose

                           (girlish and excited)

you know, my dream has always been to just chuck it all and become an
artist... living in a garret, poor but free!

                                   jack

                                (laughing)

you wouldn't last two days. there's no hot water, and hardly ever any
caviar.

                                   rose

                            (angry in a flash)

listen, buster... i hate caviar! and i'm tired of people dismissing my
dreams with a chuckle and a pat on the head.

                                   jack

i'm sorry. really... i am.

                                   rose

well, alright. there's something in me, jack. i feel it. i don't know what
it is, whether i should be an artist, or, i don't know... a dancer. like
isadora duncan.... a wild pagan spirit...

she leaps forward, lands deftly and whirls like a dervish. then she sees
something ahead and her face lights up.

                                   rose

...or a moving picture actress!

she takes his hand and runs, pulling him along the deck toward--

daniel and mary marvin. daniel is cranking the big wooden movie camera as
she poses stiffly at the rail.

                                  marvin

you're sad. sad, sad, sad. you've left your lover on the shore. you may
never see him agian. try to be sadder, darling.

suddenly rose shoots into the shot and strikes a theatrical pose at the
rail next to mary. mary bursts out laughing. rose pulls jack into the
picture and makes him pose.

marvin grins and starts yelling and gesturing. we see this in cuts, with
music and no dialogue.

series of cuts:

rose posing tragically at the rail, the back of her hand to her forehead.

jack on a deck chair, pretending to be a pasha, the two girls pantomiming
fanning him like slave girls.

jack, on his knees, pleading with his hands clasped while rose, standing,
turns her head in bored disdain.

rose cranking the camera, while daniel and jack have a western shoot-out.
jack wins and leers into the lens, twirling an air mustache like snidely
whiplash.

                                                                   cut to:

