67 int. rose's bedroom - night

as she undresses for bed rose sees cal standing in her doorway, reflected
in the cracked mirror of her vanity. he comes toward her.

                                    cal

                           (unexpectedly tender)

i know you've een melancholy, and i don't pretent to know why.

from behind his back he hands her a large black velvet jewel case. she
takes it, numbly.

                                    cal

i intended to save this till the engagement gals next week. but i thought
tonight, perhaps a reminder of my feeling for you...

rose slowly opens the box. inside is the necklace... "heart of the ocean"
in all its glory. it is huge... a malevolent blue stone glittering with an
infinity of scalpel-like inner reflections.

                                   rose

my god... cal. is it a--

                                    cal

daimond. yes it is. 56 carats.

he takes the necklace and during the following places it around her throat.
he turns her to the mirror, staring behind her.

                                    cal

it was once worn by louis the sixteenth. they call it le coeur de la mer,
the--

                                   rose

the heart of the ocean. cal, it's... it's overwhelming.

he gazes at the image of the two of them in the mirror.

                                    cal

it's for royalty. and we are royalty.

his fingers caress her neck and throat. he seems himself to be disarmed by
rose's elegance and beauty. his emotion is, for the first time, unguarded.

                                    cal

there's nothing i couldn't give you. there's nothing i'd deny you if you
would deny me. open your heart to me, rose.

camera begins to track in on rose. closer and closer, during the following:

                              old rose (v.o.)

of course his gift was only to reflect light back onto himself, to
illuminate the greatness that was caledon hockley. it was a cold stone... a
heart of ice.

finally, when rose's eyes fill fram, we morph slowly to her eyes as the are
now... transforming through 84 years of life...

                                                                transition

