177 ext. boat deck / port side

second officer lightoller is loading the boat nearest cal and rose... boat
6.

                                lightoller

women and children only! sorry sir, no men yet.

another rocket bursts overhead, lighting the crowd. startled faces turn
upward. fear now in the eyes.

daniel marvin has his biograph camera set up, cranking away... hoping to
get an exposure off the rocket's light. he has mary posed in front of the
scene at the boats.

                                  marvin

you're afraid, darling. scared to death. that's it!

either she suddenly learned to act or she is petrified.

rose watches the farewells taking pace right in front of her as they step
closer to the boat. husbands saying goodbye to wives and children. lovers
and friends parted. nearby molly is getting a reluctant woman to board the
boat.

                                   molly

come on, you heard the man. get in the boat, sister.

                                   ruth

will the lifeboats be seated according to class? i hope they're not too
crowded--

                                   rose

oh, mother shut up!

                        (ruth freezes, mouth open)

don't you understand? the water is freezing and there aren't enough
boats... not enough by half. half the people on this ship are going to die.

                                    cal

not the better half.

push in on rose's face as it hits her like a thunderbolt. jack is third
class. he doesn't stand a chance. another rocket bursts overhead, bathing
her face in white light.

                                   rose

you unimaginable bastard.

                                   molly

come on, ruth, get in the boat. these are the first class seats right up
here. that's it.

molly practically hands her over to lightoller, then looks around for some
other women who might need a push.

                                   molly

come on, rose. you're next, darlin'.

rose steps back, shaking her head.

                                   ruth

rose, get in the boat!

                                   rose

goodbye, mother.

ruth, standing in the tippy lifeboat, can do nothing. cal grabs rose's arm
but she pulls free and walks away through the crowd. cal catches up to rose
and grabs her again, roughly.

                                    cal

where are you going? to him? is that it? to be a whore to that gutter rat?

                                   rose

i'd rather be his whore than your wife.

he clenches his jaw and squeezes her arm viciously, pulling her back toward
the lifeboat. rose pulls out a hairpin and jabs him with it. he lets go
with a curse and she runs into the crowd.

                                lightoller

lower away!!

                                   ruth

rose! rose!!

                                   molly

stuff a sock in it, would ya, ruth. she'll be along.

the boat lurches downward as the falls are paid out.

tracking with rose, as she runs through the clusters of people. she looks
back and a furious cal is coming after her. she runs breathlessly up to two
proper looking men.

                                   rose

that man tried to take advantage of me in the crowd!

appalled, they turn to see cal running toward them. rose runs on as the two
men grab cal, restraining him. she runs throught the first class entrance.

cal breaks free and runs after her. he reaches the entrance, but runs into
a knot of people coming out. he pushes rudely through them...

                                                                   cut to:

