274 ext. titanic - night

the stern alf of the ship, almost four hundred feet long, falls back toward
the water. on the poop deck everyone screams as they feel themselves
plummeting. the sound goes up like the roar of fans at a baseball stadium
when a run is scored.

swimming in the water directly under the stern a few unfortunates shriek as
they see the keel coming down on them like god's bootheel. the massive
stern section falls back almost level, thundering down into the sea and
pushing out a mighty wave of displaced water.

jack and rose struggle to hole onto the stern rail. they feel the ship
seemingly right itself. some of those praying think it is salvation.

                              several people

we're saved!

jack looks at rose and shakes his head, grimly.

now the horrible mechanics play out. pulled down by the awesome weight of
the flooded bow, the buoyant stern tilts up rapidly. they feel the rush of
ascent as the fantail angles up again. everyone is clinging to benches,
railings, ventilators... anything to keep from sliding as the stern lifts.

the stern goes up and up, past 45 degrees, then past sixty.

people start to fall, sliding and tumbling. they skid down the deck,
screaming and flailing to grab onto somehting. they wrench other people
loose and pull them down as well. there is a pile-up of bodies at the
forward rail. the dahl family falls one by one.

                                   jack

we have to move!

he climbs over the stern rail and reaches back for rose. she is terrified
to move. he grabs her hand.

                                   jack

come on! i've got you!

jack pulls her over the rail. it is the same place he pulled her over the
rail two nights earlier, going the other direction. she gets over just as
the railing is going horizontal, and the deck veritcal. jack grips her
fiercely.

the stern is now straight up in the air... a rumbling black monolith
standing against the stars. it hangs there like that for a long grace note,
its buoyancy stable.

rose lies on the railing, looking down fifteen stories to the boiling sea
at the base of the stern section. people near them, who didn't climb over,
hang from the railing, their legs dangling over the long drop. they fall
one by one, plummeting down the vertical face of the poop deck. some of
them bounce horribly off deck benches and ventilators.

jack and rose lie side by side on what was the vertical face of the hull,
gripping the railing, which is now horizontal. just beneath their feet are
the gold letters titanic emblazoned across the stern.

rose stares down terrified at the black ocean waiting below to claim them.
jack looks to his left and sees baker joughin, crouching on the hull,
holding onto the railing. it is a surreal moment.

                                  joughin

                           (nodding a greeting)

helluva night.

the final relentless plunge begins as the stern section floods. looking
down a hundred feet to the water, we drop like an elevator with jack and
rose.

                                   jack

                              (talking fast)

take a deep breath and hold it right before we go into the water. the ship
will suck us down. kick for the surface and keep kicking. don't let go of
my hand. we're gonna make it rose. trust me.

she stares at the water coming up at them, and grips his hand harder.

                                   rose

i trust you.

below them the poop deck is disappearing. the plunge gathers speed... the
boiling surface engulfs the docking bridge and then rushes up the last
thirty feet.

278 in a high shot, we see the stern descend into the boiling sea. the name
titanic disappears, and the tiny figures of jack and rose vanish under the
water.

where the ship stood, now there is nothing. only the black ocean.

                                                                   cut to:

