29 int. imaging shack / keldysh

it is a darkened room lined with tv monitors. images of the wreck fill the
screens, fed from mir one and two, and the two rovs, snoop dog and duncan.

                                  bodine

live from 12,000 feet.

rose stares raptly at the screens. she is enthraled by one in particular,
an image of the bow railing. it obviously means something to her. brock is
studying her reactions carefully.

                                  bodine

the bow's struck in the bottom like an axe, from the impact. here... i can
run a simulation we worked up on this monitor over here.

lizzy turns the chair so rose can see the screen of bodine's computer. as
he is calling up the file, he keeps talking.

                                  bodine

we've put together the world's largest database on the titanic. okay,
here...

                                  lovett

rose might not want to see this, lewis.

                                   rose

no, no. it's fine. i'm curious.

bodine starts a computer animated graphic on the screen, which parallels
his rapid-fire narration.

                                  bodine

she hits the berg on the starboard side and it sort of bumps along...
punching holes like a morse code... dit dit dit, down the side. now she's
flooding in the

                              bodine (cont'd)

forward compartments... and the water spills over the tops of the
bulkheads, going aft. as her bow is going down, her stern is coming up...
slow at first... and then faster and faster until it's lifting all that
weight, maybe 20 or 30 thousand tons... out of the water and the hull can't
deal... so skrttt!!

                (making a sound in time with the animation)

... it splits! right down to the keel, which acts like a big hinge. now the
bow swings down and the stern falls back level... but the weight of the bow
pulls the stern up vertical, and then the bow section detaches, heading for
the bottom. the stern bobs like a cork, floods and goes under about 2:20
a.m. two hours and forty minutes after the collision.

the animation then follows the bow section as it sinks. rose watches this
clinical dissection of the disaster without emotion.

                                  bodine

the bow pulls out of its dive and planes away, almost a half a mile, before
it hits the bottom going maybe 12 miles an hour. kaboom!

the bow impacts, digging deeply into the bottom, the animation now follows
the stern.

                                  bodine

the stern implodes as it sinks, from the pressure, and rips apart from the
force of the current as it falls, landing like a big pile of junk.

                        (indicating the simulation)

cool huh?

                                   rose

thank you for that fine forensic analysis, mr. bodine. of course the
experience of it was somewhat less clinical.

                                  lovett

will you share it with us?

her eyes go back to the screens, showing the sad ruins far below them.

a view from one of the subs tracking slowly over the boat deck. rose
recognizes one of the wellin davits, still in place. she hears ghostly
waltz music. the faint and echoing sound of an officer's voice, english
accented, calling "women and children only".

30 flash cuts of screaming faces in a running crowd. pandemonium and
terror. people crying, praying, kneeling on the deck. just impressions...
flashes in the dark.

31 rose looks at another monitor. snoop dog moving down a rusted,
debris-filled corridor. rose watches the endless row of doorways sliding
past, like dark mouths.

32 image of a child, three years old, standing ankle deep in water in the
middle of an endless corridor. the child is lost alone, crying.

33 rose is shaken by the flood of memories and emotions. her eyes well up
and she puts her head down, sobbing quietly.

                                   lizzy

                          (taking the wheelchair)

i'm taking her to rest.

                                   rose

no!

her voice is surprisingly strong. the sweet little old lady is gone,
replaced by a woman with eyes of steel. lovett signals everyone to stay
quiet.

                                  lovett

tell us, rose.

she looks from screen to screen, the images of the ruined ship.

                                   rose

it's been 84 years...

                                  lovett

just tell us what you can--

                                   rose

                      (holds up her hand for silence)

it's been 84 years... and i can still smell the fresh paint. the china had
never been used. the sheets had never been slept in.

he switches on the minirecorder and sets it near her.

                                   rose

titanic was called the ship of dreams. and it was. it really was...

as the underwater camera rises past the rusted bow rail, we dissolve /
match move to that same railing in 1912...

                                                           match dissolve:

