88 ext. boat deck - night

the stars blaze overhead, so bright and clear you can see the milky way.
rose and jack walk along the row of lifeboats. still giddy from the party,
they are singing a popular song "come josephine in my flying machine".

                                 jack/rose

come josephine in my flying machine

and it's up she goes! up she goes!

in the air she goes. where? there she goes!

they fumble the words and break down laughing. they have reached the first
class entrance, but don't go straight in, not wanting the evening to end.
through the doors the sound of the ship's orchestra wafts gently. rose
grabs a davit and leans back, staring at the cosmos.

                                   rose

isn't it magnificent? so grand and endless.

she goes to the rail and leans on it.

                                   rose

they're such small people, jack... my crowd. they think they're giants on
the earth, but they're not even dust in god's eye. they live inside this
little tiny champagne bubble... and someday the bubble's going to burst.

he leans at the rail next to her, his hand just touching hers. it is the
slightest contact imaginable, and all either one of them can feel is that
square inch of skin where their hands are touching.

                                   jack

you're not one of them. there's been a mistake.

                                   rose

a mistake?

                                   jack

uh huh. you got mailed to the wrong address.

                                   rose

                                (laughing)

i did, didn't i?

                                  (more)

                               rose (cont'd)

                            (pointing suddenly)

look! a shooting star.

                                   jack

that was a long one. my father used to say that whenever you saw one, it
was a soul going to heaven.

                                   rose

i like that. aren't we supposed to wish on it?

jack looks at her, and finds that they are suddenly very close together. it
would be so easy to move another couple of inches, to kiss her. rose seems
to be thinking the same thing.

                                   jack

what would you wish for?

after a beat, rose pulls back.

                                   rose

something i can't have.

                            (she smiles sadly)

goodnight, jack. and thank you.

she leaves the rail and hurries through the first class entrance.

                                   jack

rose!!

but the door bangs shut, and she is gone. back to her world.

                                                                   cut to:

