76 ext. a deck promenade / aft - sunset

painted with orange light, jack and rose lean on the a-deck rail aft,
shoulder to shoulder. the ship's lights come on.

it is a magical moment... perfect.

                                   rose

so then what, mr. wandering jack?

                                   jack

well, then logging got to be too much like work, so i went down to los
angelas to the pier in santa monica. that's a swell place, they even have a
rollercoaster. i sketched portraits there for ten cents a piece.

                                   rose

a whole ten cents?!

                                   jack

                             (not getting it)

yeah; it was great money... i could make a dollar a day, sometimes. but
only in summer. when it got cold, i decided to go to paris and see what the
real artists were doing.

                                   rose

                          (looks at the dusk sky)

why can't i be like you jack? just head out for the horizon whenever i feel
like it.

                             (turning to him)

say we'll go there, sometime... to that pier... even if we only ever just
talk about it.

                                   jack

alright, we're going. we'll drink cheap beer and go on the rollercoaster
until we throw up and we'll ride horses on the beach... right in the
surf... but you have to ride like a cowboy, none of that side-saddle stuff.

                                   rose

you mean one leg on each side? scandalous! can you show me?

                                   jack

sure. if you like.

                                   rose

                             (smiling at him)

i think i would.

                        (she looks at the horizon)

and teach me to spit too. like a man. why should only men be able to spit.
it's unfair.

                                   jack

they didn't teach you that in finishing school? here, it's easy. watch
closely.

he spits. it arcs out over the water.

                                   jack

your turn.

rose screws up her mouth and spits. a pathetic little bit of foamy spittle
which mostly runs down her chin before falling off into the water.

                                   jack

nope, that was pitiful. here, like this... you hawk it down... hhhnnnk!...
then roll it on your tongue, up to the front, like thith, then a big breath
and plooow!! you see the range on that thing?

she goes through the steps. hawks it down, etc. he coaches her through it
(ad lib) while doing the steps himself. she lets fly. so does he. two
comets of gob fly out over the water.

                                   jack

that was great!

rose turns to him, her face alight. suddenly she blanches. he sees her
expression and turns.

ruth, the countess of rothes, and molly brown have been watching them
hawking lugees. rose becomes instantly composed.

                                   rose

mother, may i introduce jack dawson.

                                   ruth

charmed, i'm sure.

jack has a little spit running down his chin. he doesn't know it. molly
brown is grinning. as rose proceeds with the introductions, we hear...

                              old rose (v.o.)

the others were gracious and curious about the man who'd saved my life. but
my mother looked at him like an insect. a dangerous insect which must be
squashed quickly.

                                   molly

well, jack, it sounds like you're a good man to have around in a sticky
spot--

they all jump as a bugler sounds the meal call right behind them.

                                   molly

why do they insist on always announcing dinner like a damn cavalry charge?

                                   rose

shall we go dress, mother?

                            (over her shoulder)

see you at dinner, jack.

                                   ruth

                            (as they walk away)

rose, look at you... out in the sun with no hat. honestly!

the countess exits with ruth and rose, leaving jack and molly alone on
deck.

                                   molly

son, do you have the slightest comprehension of what you're doing?

                                   jack

not really.

                                   molly

well, you're about to go into the snakepit. i hope you're ready. what are
you planning to wear?

jack looks down at his clothes. back up at her. he hadn't thought about
that.

                                   molly

i figured.

                                                                   cut to:

