ext. / int. mir one and two

5 minutes later: the two subs skim over the seafloor to the sound of
sidescan sonar and the thrum of big thrusters.

6 the featureless gray clay of the bottom unrols in the lights of the subs.
bodine is watching the sidescan sonar display, where the outline of a huge
pointed object is visible. anatoly lies prone, driving the sub, his face
pressed to the center port.

                                  bodine

come left a little. she's right in front of us, eighteen meters. fifteen.
thirteen... you should see it.

                                  anatoly

do you see it? i don't see it... there!

out of the darkness, like a ghostly apparition, the bow of the ship
appears. its knife-edge prow is coming straight at us, seeming to plow the
bottom sediment like ocean waves. it towers above the seafloor, standing
just as it landed 84 years ago.

the titanic. or what is left of her. mir one goes up and over the bow
railing, intact except for an overgrowth of "rusticles" draping it like
mutated spanish moss.

tight on the eyepiece monitor of a video camcorder. brock lovett's face
fills the black and white frame.

                                  lovett

it still gets me every time.

the image pans to the front viewport, looking over anatoly's shoulder, to
the bow railing visible in the lights beyond. anatoly turns.

                                  anatoly

is just your guilt because of estealing from the dead.

cut wider, to show that brock is operating the camera himself, turning it
in his hand so it points at his own face.

                                  lovett

thanks, tolya. work with me, here.

brock resumes his serious, pensive gaze out the front port, with the camera
aimed at himself at arm's length.

                                  lovett

it still gets me every time... to see the sad ruin of the great ship
sitting here, where she landed at 2:30 in the morning, april 15, 1912,
after her long fall from the world above.

anatoly rolls his eyes and mutters in russian. bodine chuckles and watches
the sonar.

                                  bodine

you are so full of shit, boss.

7 mir two drives aft down the starboard side, past the huge anchor while
mir one passes over the seemingly endless forecastle deck, with its massive
anchor chains still laid out in two neat rows, its bronze windlass caps
gleaming. the 22 foot long subs are like white bugs next to the enormous
wreck.

                               lovett (v.o.)

dive nine. here we are again on the deck of titanic... two and a half miles
down. the pressure is three tons per square inch, enough to crush us like a
freight train going over an ant if our hull fails. these windows are nine
inches thick and if they go, it's sayonara in two microseconds.

8 mir two lands on the boat deck, next to the ruins of the officer's
quarters. mir one lands on the roof of the deck hous nearby.

                                  lovett

right. let's go to work.

bodine slips on a pair of 3-d electronic goggles, and grabs the joystick
controls of the rov.

9 outside the sub, the rov, a small orange and black robot called snoop
dog, lifts from its cradle and flies forward.

                               bodine (v.o.)

walkin' the dog.

snoop dog drives itself away from the sub, paying out its umbilical behind
it like a robot yo-yo. its twin stereo-video cameras swivel like insect
eyes. the rov descends through an open shaft that once was the beautiful
first class grand staircase.

snoop dog goes down several decks, then moves laterally into the first
class reception room.

snoop's video pov, moving through the cavernous interior. the remains of
the ornate handcarved woodwork which gave the ship its elegance move
through the floodlights, the lines blurred by slow dissolution and
descending rusticle formations. stalactites of rust hang down so that at
times it looks like a natural grotto, then the scene shifts and the lines
of a ghostly undersea mansion can be seen again.

montage style, as snoop passes the ghostly images of titanic's opulence:

10 a grand piano in amazingly good shape, crashed on its side against a
wall. the keys gleam black and white in the lights.

11 a chandelier, still hanging from the ceiling by its wire... glinting as
snoop moves around it.

12 its lights play across the floor, revealing a champagne bottle, then
some white star line china... a woman's high-top "granny shoe". then
something eerie: what looks like a child's skull resolves into the
porcelain head of a doll.

snoop enters a corridor which is much better preserved. here and there a
door still hangs on its rusted hinges. an ornate piece of molding, a wall
sconce... hint at the grandeur of the past.

13 the rov turns and goes through a black doorway, entering room b-52, the
sitting room of a "promenade suite", one of the most luxurious staterooms
on titanic.

                                  bodine

i'm in the sitting room. heading for bedroom b-54.

                                  lovett

stay off the floor. don't stir it up like you did yesterday.

                                  bodine

i'm tryin' boss.

glinting in the lights are the brass fixtures of the near-perfectly
preserved fireplace. an albino galathea crab crawls over it. nearby are the
remains of a divan and a writing desk. the dog crosses the ruins of the
once elegant room toward another door. it squeezes through the doorframe,
scraping rust and wood chunks loose on both sides. it moves out of a cloud
of rust and keeps on going.

                                  bodine

i'm crossing the bedroom.

the remains of a pillared canopy bed. broken chairs, a dresser. through the
collapsed wall of the bathroom, the porcelain commode and bathtub took
almost new, gleaming in the dark.

                                  lovett

okay, i want to see what's under that wardrobe door.

several angles as the rov deploys its manipulator arms and starts moving
debris aside. a lamp is lifted, its ceramic colors as bright as they were
in 1912.

                                  lovett

easy, lewis. take it slow.

lewis grips a wardrobe door, lying at an angle in a corner, and pulls it
with snoop's gripper. it moves reluctantly in a cloud of silt. under it is
a dark object. the silt clears and snoop's cameras show them what was under
the door...

                                  bodine

ooohh daddy-oh, are you seein' what i'm seein'?

close on lovett, watching his moniteors. by his expression it is like he is
seeing the holy grail.

                                  lovett

oh baby baby baby.

                             (grabs the mike)

it's payday, boys.

on the screen, in the glare of the lights, is the object of their quest: a
small steel combination safe.

                                                                   cut to:

