52 int. / ext. titanic - series of scenes - day

on the bridge, captain smith turns from the binnacle to first officer
william murdoch.

                               captain smith

take her to sea mister murdoch. let's stretch her legs.

murdoch moves the engine telegraph lever to all ahead full.

53 now begins a kind of musical/visual setpiece... an ode to the great
ship. the music is rhythmic, surging forward, with a soaring melody that
addresses the majesty and optimism of the ship of dreams.

in the engine room the telegraph clangs and moves to "all ahead full".

                            chief engineer bell

all ahead full!

on the catwalk thomas andrews, the shipbuilder, watches carefully as the
engineers and greasers scramble to adjust valves. towering above them are
the twin reciprocating engines, four stories tall, their ten-foot-long
connecting rods surging up and down with the turning of the massive
crankshafts. the engines thunder like the footfalls of marching giants.

54 in the boiler rooms the stokers chant a song as they hurl coal into the
roaring furnaces. the "black gang" are covered with sweat and coal dust,
their muscles working like part of the machinery as they toil in the
hellish glow.

55 underwater the enormous bronze screws chop through the water, hurling
the steamer forward and churning up a vortex of foam that lingers for miles
behind the juggernaut ship. smoke pours from the funnels as--

56 the riven water flares higher at the bow as the ship's speeds builds.
the camera sweeps up the prow to find jack, the wind streaming through his
hair and--

57 captain smith steps out of the enclosed bridge onto the wing. he stands
with his hands on the rail, looking every bit the storybook picture of a
captain... a great patriarch of the sea.

                           first officer murdoch

twenty one knots, sir!

                                   smith

she's got a bone in her teeth now, eh, mr. murdoch.

smith accepts a cup of tea from fifth officer lowe. he contentedly watches
the white v of water hurled outward from the bows like an expression of his
own personal power. they are invulnerable, towering over the sea.

58 at the bow jack and fabrizio lean far over, looking down.

in the glassy bow-wave two dolphins appear, under the water, running fast
just in front of the steel blade of the prow. they do it for the sheer joy
and exultation of motion. jack watches the dolphins and grins. they breach,
jumping clear of the water and then dive back, crisscrossing in front of
the bow, dancing ahead of the juggernaut.

fabrizio looks forward across the atlantic, staring into the sunsparkles.

                                 fabrizio

i can see the statue of liberty already.

                            (grinning at jack)

very small... of course.

the camera arcs around them, until they are framed against the sea.

now we pull back, across the forecastle deck. rising, as we continue back,
and the ships rolls endlessly forward underneath. over the bridge wing,
along the boat deck until her funnels come into frame besides us and march
past like the pillars of heaven, one by one. we pull back and up, until we
are looking down the funnels, and the people strolling on the decks and
standing at the rail become antlike.

and still we pull back until the great lady is seen whole in a gorgeous
aerial portrait, black and severe in her majesty.

                               ismay (v.o.)

she is the largest moving object ever made by the hand of man in all
history...

                                                                   cut to:

