190 int. stairwell and corridors

rose splashes down the hall to a stairwell going up to the next deck. she
climbs the stairs, her long skirt leaving a trail like a giant snail. the
weight of it is really slowing her down. she rips at the buttons and
shimmies quickly out of the thing. she bounds up the stairs in her
stockings and knee-length slip, to find herself in--

191 a long corridor... part of the labyrinth of steerage hallways forward.
she is alone here. a long groan of stressing metal echoes along the hall as
the ship continues to settle. she runs down the hall, unimpeded now.

                                   rose

hello? somebody?!

she turns a corner and runs along another corridor in a daze. the hall
slopes down into water which, shimmers, reflecting the light. the margin of
the water creeps toward her. a young man appears, running through the
water, sending up geysers of spray. he pelts past her without slowing, his
eyes crazed...

                                   rose

help me! we need help!

he doesn't look back. it is like a bad dream. the hull gongs with
terrifying sounds.

the lights flicker and go out, leaving utter darkness. a beat. then they
come back on. she finds herself hyperventilating. that one moment of
blackness was the most terrifying of her life.

a steward runs around the nearest corner, his arms full of lifebelts. he is
upset to see someone still in his section. he grabs her forcefully by the
arm, pulling her with him like a wayward child.

                                  steward

come on, then, let's get you topside, miss, that's right.

                                   rose

wait. wait! i need your help! there's--

                                  steward

no need for panic, miss. come along!

                                   rose

no, let me go! you're going the wrong way!

he's not listening. and he won't let her go.

she shouts in his ear, and when he turns, she punches him squarely in the
nose. shocked, he lets her go and staggers back.

                                  steward

to hell with you!

                                   rose

see you there, buster!

the steward runs off, holding his bloody nose. she spits after him. just
the way jack taugh: her.

she turns around, sees: a glass case with a fire-axe in it. she breaks the
glass with a battered suitcase which is lying discarded nearby, and seizes
the axe, running back the way she came.

192 at the stairwell she looks down and gasps. the water has flooded the
bottom five steps. she goes down and has to crouch to look along the
corridor to the room where jack is trapped.

rose plunges into the water, which is up to her waist... and powers
forward, holding the axe above her head in two hands. she grimaces at the
pain from the literally freezing water.

                                                                   cut to:

