169 int. a-deck foyer

a large number of first class passengers have gathered near the staircase.
they are getting indignant about the confusion. molly brown snags a passing
young steward.

                                   molly

what's doing, sonny? you've got us all trussed up and now we're cooling our
heels.

the young steward backs away, actually stumbling on the stairs.

                               young steward

sorry, mum. let me go and find out.

the jumpy piano rhythm of "alexander's ragtime band" comes out of the first
class lounge a few yards away. band leader wallace hartley has assembled
some of his men on captain's orders, to allay panic.

hockley's entourage comes up to the a-deck foyer. cal is carrying the
lifebelts, almost as an afterthought. rose is like a sleepwalker.

                                    cal

it's just the god damned english doing everything by the book.

                                   ruth

there's no need for language, mr. hockley.

                                (to trudy)

go back and turn the heater on in my room, so it won't be too cold when we
get back.

thomas andrews enters, looking around the magnificent room, which he knows
is doomed. rose, standing nearby, sees his heartbroken expression. she
walks over to him and cal goes after her.

                                   rose

i saw the iceberg, mr. andrews. and i see it in your eyes. please tell me
the truth.

                                  andrews

the ship will sink.

                                   rose

you're certain?

                                  andrews

yes. in an hour or so... all this... will be at the bottom of the atlantic.

                                    cal

my god.

now it is cal's turn to look stunned. the titanic? sinking?

                                  andrews

please tell only who you must, i don't want to be responsible for a panic.
and get to a boat quickly. don't wait. you remember what i told you about
the boats?

                                   rose

yes, i understand. thankyou.

andrews goes off, moving among the passengers and urging them to put on
their lifebelts and get to the boats.

                                                                   cut to:

