               ext. battlefield - day

               dances with wolves climbs to his feet and discovers that the 
               battlefield is no longer so. the fighting has stopped.

               it's a scene of carnage and joy. the pawnee attackers lay 
               where they fell.

                                     sioux 1
                         i killed this one.

                                     sioux 2
                         this one still breathes.

               the sioux victors are in high spirits as they hop around 
               finishing off the wounded and counting coup on the dead.

               dances with wolves looks down at himself. his body is streaked 
               with blood, much of it his own. his arm is bleeding freely 
               but he is too repulsed to move forward and too exhausted to 
               retreat into the breaks.

               dances with wolves now looks up to see the lifeless body of 
               stone calf. ten bears is hugging him. pretty shield starts 
               to kneel beside her mourning husband.

                                     sioux 3 (o.s.)
                         dances with wolves...

               before he knows it, sioux fighters are moving all around 
               him, chanting his name. like ants rolling a pebble up a hill, 
               they push him into the middle of the battlefield. in a daze 
               he allows himself to be carried along.

               when he looks up again he can see women and children emerging 
               from the lodges.

                                     dances with wolves (v.o.)
                         it was hard to know how to feel. i 
                         had never been in a battle like this 
                         one. this had not been a fight for 
                         territory or riches or to make men 
                         free. this battle had no ego. it had 
                         been fought to preserve the food 
                         stores that would see us through 
                         winter, to protect the lives of women 
                         and children and loved ones only a 
                         few feet away. i felt a pride i had 
                         never felt before.

               dances with wolves looks down and recognizes the face of a 
               man he has just killed. several warriors are crowding around 
               him now. dances with wolves points at the body.

                                     dances with wolves
                         i shot this one.

                                     1st warrior
                         yes, i saw you shoot him.

                                     2nd warrior
                         you killed that one too.

               as the sun breaks fully through the clouds, the little knot 
               of warriors, dances with wolves in their midst, continues 
               its triumphant tour of the battleground. the men are hugging 
               and slapping each other on the back.

                                     dances with wolves (v.o.)
                         i had never really known who john 
                         dunbar was. perhaps because the name 
                         itself had no meaning. but as i heard 
                         my sioux name being called over and 
                         over, i knew for the first time who 
                         i really was.

