               ext. broken forest - day

               the two riders come out of the sunlight and onto a shaded 
               path leading into the forest. they've only gone a few yards 
               when kicking bird pulls to a stop. the men sit on their horses 
               in complete silence. dances with wolves is still fully 
               entranced.

                                     dances with wolves
                         it's quiet.

               but kicking bird does not acknowledge his companion's words. 
               he seems to be concentrating on the quiet. the quiet is wrong 
               and kicking bird knows it. he moves forward slowly.

               following behind kicking bird, dances with wolves' attention 
               is focused on the tree tops above him. a curious buzzing 
               sound has started up and is growing louder by the moment. 
               perhaps there are bees swarming in the branches overhead.

               now he is distracted by cisco coming to a stop. kicking bird 
               too has stopped. just ahead the forest opens into an 
               incredible cathedral-like expanse. sunlight streams down 
               onto the floor in beautiful pools.

               but still there is a deathly quiet and dances with wolves 
               can see now that this remarkable place has been horribly 
               desecrated.

               trees have been felled everywhere, most of them left to rot 
               for no explicable reason.

               at the same time he sees this destruction dances with wolves 
               realizes that the strange buzzing sound is not coming from 
               overhead but from the forest floor.

               the insects are not bees. they are flies and they are swarming 
               over dozens of carcasses strewn over the ground. badgers, 
               skunks, squirrels and other small animals, nearly all of 
               them killed merely for target practice.

               the men and their ponies move on. deer carcasses are 
               everywhere, many of them horribly mutilated. a choice flank 
               portion is cut away here and there, while ninety-five percent 
               of the bodies have been left to rot.

               heads and legs have been chopped off. dances with wolves 
               passes by a spot where several deer heads have been placed 
               nose to nose as if the heads were having a conversation. 
               someone's perverted idea of humor.

               the men ride through the carnage in a sad daze.

               now they reach the center of the cathedral and here they 
               find a few crude leantos, hewn from freshly cut wood. the 
               people who stayed here had bigger plans for all the felled 
               wood, but lost ambition and settled for these ugly hovels.

               a great pile of wild turkeys, perhaps twenty birds in all, 
               sit to one side. they haven't even been plucked. just shot 
               and left to rot.

               dances with wolves notices half a dozen liquor bottles in a 
               heap of trash.

               he cannot bring himself to look at kicking bird. any man 
               would be repulsed at these sights, but in dances with wolves' 
               case there is a feeling of shame as well.

                                     dances with wolves
                         we must wait for these people...

               kicking bird says nothing for a long time.

                                     kicking bird
                         no, they've been gone a week maybe 
                         more... we will water the horses and 
                         go home.

               he turns his pony away.

