               ext. union wall - day

               and just behind the other wall are union men, better equipped 
               perhaps, but just as weary as their enemies.

               we hold on one man, an enlisted soldier, sergeant pepper. he 
               chances to glance behind and squints at a strange sight.

               a solitary officer is standing a few feet behind him. the 
               sun is at his back, giving him a ghostly feel. eerily he 
               takes a step or two forward. he's limping badly.

               the sergeant recognizes him. it's dunbar.

                                     pepper
                         lieutenant... izat you?

               dunbar says nothing. he just stands and stares. it unnerves 
               the sergeant.

                                     pepper
                         what're you doing here lieutenant?

                                     dunbar
                         this is where i belong... this is my 
                         outfit.

               the sergeant stares at dunbar's foot.

                                     pepper
                         you went to hospital?

                                     dunbar
                         it was no good... what's going on 
                         here?

               a ping of riflefire flies overhead and the sergeant dives 
               for the wall. he calls over his shoulder.

                                     pepper
                         better come to cover lieutenant... 
                         those boys are shooters.

               dunbar settles next to the sergeant.

                                     pepper
                         what's goin' on here... seems to be 
                         the question alright... you could 
                         ask the major but he don't know. 
                         he's busy tryin' to figger out how 
                         come the officer's mess run outta 
                         peach ice cream...

               the sergeant nods at the distant hill and dunbar looks too.

                                     pepper
                         general's come up to see the show 
                         but all he knows is there ain't no 
                         show...

               now he nods toward the trees behind them and the lieutenant 
               follows. several union men are clustered around a huge hunk 
               of material attached to a gondola.

                                     pepper
                         we started a balloon up but they 
                         shot her down fore she was ten feet 
                         off the ground... so nobody's made a 
                         run either way. it's been a stand-
                         off all damn day... and now... the 
                         major, he's lookin' at the general 
                         and he's thinkin' i better do 
                         somethin', and you know what that 
                         means...

               more riflefire comes in and some of the union men answer 
               with a few rounds of their own. the sergeant watches the 
               confederate line across the field through a crack in the 
               wall.

               lieutenant dunbar is not watching the enemy. he's looking at 
               some horses picketed in the trees behind the union lines. 
               there's a nice bay. there's a big roan.

                                     pepper
                         they're 'sposed to be beat up just 
                         like us but everybody knows that 
                         tucker's men are tough as cobs. i 
                         sure don't wanna die out there with 
                         them cows.

               dunbar is still watching the horses. he's holding on a small, 
               well-muscled buckskin standing a little apart from the others. 
               cisco.

               now he moves away from the wall, heading for the horses.

               the sergeant squeezes off a shot. squinting across the field, 
               he sees a rifle with a hat on the tip of its bayonet waving 
               at him disrespectfully. the sergeant rolls on his side to 
               reload. he keeps on talking to the lieutenant, but the 
               lieutenant is gone.

                                     pepper
                         some of the boys are sayin' that if 
                         we ain't gonna fight we could just 
                         settle the whole business with a 
                         little high stakes poker. wouldn't 
                         that be a sight... a bunch of fellas 
                         sittin' in the middle of this field 
                         drawin' cards...

               the sergeant's chatter is interrupted by a sound... the sound 
               of hoofbeats rushing in behind him. men on either side are 
               scattering, but there's no time for the sergeant. he turns 
               to the sound and cringes against the wall as the buckskinned 
               belly of a horse soars over his head.

               dunbar and his horse hit the ground with a thud and dig for 
               the confederate line.

