               ext. village - day

               a woman and her children have come out of the breaks along 
               the river and are marching back to the village when one of 
               the kids sees him. with an ear-splitting shriek, the woman 
               grabs up her children and runs screaming for the safety of 
               the village.

               there's pandemonium amongst the lodges. everyone seems to be 
               running everywhere at once.

               dunbar pulls cisco to a halt a hundred yards from the first 
               of the conical houses and slides off, taking the girl up in 
               his arms.

               the people of ten bear's village, realizing now that there 
               is only one white man and that he is carrying someone, are 
               massing with great curiosity on the outskirts of the town.

               warriors, some of them mounted, have taken the front ranks. 
               the women and children and elderly are standing just behind.

               initial panic has given way to a steady buzzing as everyone 
               jockeys for a better look.

               still holding stands with a fist in his arms, dunbar suddenly 
               stops on a familiar face... wind in his hair.

               he lifts the girl resting in his arms and holds her out... 
               as in offering.

                                     dunbar
                         she's hurt.

               the sioux buzz is stronger now. the mounted warriors are 
               getting excited.

               suddenly, wind in his hair breaks ranks and starts for dunbar 
               at a determined walk. a nasty war club is held tightly in 
               hand.

               dunbar stands his ground.

               wind in his hair halts only a few steps in front of dunbar. 
               he barks at the intruder as he takes another step or two.

                                     wind in his hair
                         you are not welcome here.

               another step and he is close enough to touch the white man.

                                     wind in his hair
                         go away from us...

               dunbar doesn't flinch. and wind in his hair's harangue is 
               definitely part bluster. he's very curious about the woman 
               in dunbar's arms and now he peers down at her face.

               the lieutenant looks down too and in a flash she is torn out 
               of his grasp.

               holding her in one strong arm, wind in his hair backs a pace 
               or two and shouts once more at the lieutenant.

                                     wind in his hair
                         go away from us... go now.

               he raises his club and shakes it at dunbar.

               though he doesn't understand the words, dunbar gets the 
               message. as he goes for his horse, wind in his hair marches 
               back to his people with stands with a fist.

               there is great commotion as the crowd surges in around wind 
               in his hair.

               with a look of profound disappointment, dunbar walks away on 
               cisco.

