               ext. fort hays - day

               the insane face of major fambrough peeks around the corner 
               of a building. on his head is a ridiculous, plumed hat.

               now he looks both ways, as if preparing to cross a busy 
               street. seeing that the coast is clear, he minces into the 
               parade ground in front of headquarters. the plume is waving 
               in the breeze and the major carries something in each hand... 
               an officer's sword and a revolver.

               except for these items, the unfortunate major is naked.

               as he trots onto the parade ground, fambrough is startled to 
               find that elgin is following him. he begins to run faster.

               fambrough halts near the center of the parade ground and 
               turns back on the lieutenant and waves his pistol menacingly.

                                     fambrough
                         noooo, noooo...

                                     elgin
                         it's alright major.

               now elgin sees a grizzled sergeant approaching fambrough 
               from the opposite direction.

                                     sergeant
                         leave him alone lieutenant... he's 
                         cracked.

               fambrough turns on the voice behind him and waves his pistol 
               at the sergeant.

                                     fambrough
                         nooo, nooo...

               but fambrough finds himself staring at the barrel of the 
               sergeant's raised pistol.

                                     elgin
                         don't sergeant.

               in a panic fambrough wheels back on lieutenant elgin.

                                     fambrough
                         are you deaf fool. i said i'll have 
                         my crown this instant... this instant!

               slowly and kindly, elgin is walking toward him. he holds out 
               his hand.

                                     elgin
                         let's have the pistol.

                                     sergeant
                              (to elgin)
                         don't do it.

               but the lieutenant keeps his hand held out. fambrough eyes 
               him silently. then he screws up his face like a crybaby.

                                     fambrough
                         the king is dead... long live the 
                         king.

               in one swift motion, fambrough brings the revolver up, 
               swallows the barrel and pulls the trigger.

