               ext. river - day

               stands with a fist draws water into a set of bladder bags. 
               dances with wolves squats next to her, staring at the eddying 
               stream.

                                     dances with wolves
                         how did you get your name?

               stands with a fist smiles to herself as she fills up the 
               last of the bags.

                                     stands with a fist
                         i was not very old when i came to be 
                         with the people... i was made to 
                         work.

               she lugs the filled bags onto shore and sits next to dances 
               with wolves.

                                     stands with a fist
                         i worked every day... very hard... 
                         there was a woman who didn't like 
                         me. she called me bad names... 
                         sometimes she beat me. one day she 
                         was calling me these bad names, her 
                         face in my face, and i hit her. i 
                         was not very big, but she fell down. 
                         she fell hard and didn't move. i 
                         stood over her with my fist and asked 
                         if any other woman wanted to call me 
                         bad names...
                              (laughing at the 
                              recollection)
                         no one bothered me after that day.

                                     dances with wolves
                         i would not think so.

               a little silence.

                                     dances with wolves
                         show me where you hit her.

               he taps his jaw. she makes a fist and brushes very gently at 
               the point of his jaw. dances with wolves' eyes flutter. they 
               roll up in his head and he keels over backward... out cold.

               she goes with the joke. bending over him she slaps lightly 
               at each side of his cheeks, until dances with wolves revives. 
               he sits up, rubbing his jaw.

               neither one acknowledges the joke and, a sudden awkwardness 
               falls between them. stands with a fist fiddles shyly with 
               the ties on the water bags while dances with wolves draws 
               lines in the earth with a stick.

               finally he works up the courage to ask a delicate question.

                                     dances with wolves
                         why are you not married?

               the question comes as a jolt to stands with a fist. she stops 
               her fiddling. a visible stiffness overtakes her. she quickly 
               stands up.

                                     stands with a fist
                         i must go.

               dances with wolves doesn't know what to do. he only knows 
               that he should not have asked the question. she slings the 
               heavy bags over her shoulders and starts back up the path. 
               dances with wolves jumps to his feet.

                                     dances with wolves
                         i'm sorry. let me help...

               but the words are delivered to her back. she is already 
               hurrying up the path with her heavy load.

                                     stands with a fist
                         no.

               five ponies have wondered into the middle of the path. she 
               kicks violently at the nearest innocent bystander. the horses 
               shy out of the way.

               he's left alone at the waters edge, frustrated and confused. 
               he watches her go for a moment. then he lets the stick drop 
               from his hand. he stares at it for a second then gives it a 
               vicious little kick.

