               ext. knoll - day

               stands with a fist is sitting under a solitary cottonwood. 
               her hands are folded on her lap. a blood-stained knife is 
               held between them. she has ritually slashed her arms. the 
               cuts are not deep -- but all are running with blood. blood 
               pours from a deep cut in her thigh.

               she lets her song fade to nothing and bows her head. she 
               dabs at a large pool of blood spreading in the ground next 
               to her thigh. suddenly she's alert. stands with a fist has 
               heard something too... a strange popping sound. she turns.

               the gleaming buckskin horse is standing thirty or forty feet 
               behind her on the top of the knoll. a white soldier is sitting 
               on the horse. a white soldier with a sword, a bright uniform 
               and a red sash. and most amazing of all, no face.

               a shift in the breeze has wrapped the popping red, white, 
               and blue flag around his head. one of the soldier's hands is 
               trying to claw it away from his face.

               dunbar pulls the flag away.

               it's an indian woman alright. but now that she is staring at 
               him open-mouthed and afraid, he can see that there is 
               something odd about her.

               too late for further study. she's risen and has taken a slow 
               step backward from the knoll. she's covered with blood.

               reflexively, he offers a helping hand and calls after her.

                                     dunbar
                         wait...

               she's still backing down the hill, her steps a little faster 
               now. he's following her at a walk.

                                     dunbar
                         wait... you're hurt.

               she's reached the base of the knoll and has begun to run. 
               dunbar is trotting after her.

                                     dunbar
                         let me help you.

               she's too weak to run and falls face first in the grass. she 
               starts to crawl.

               dunbar slips off cisco and reaches down tentatively for her 
               shoulder. she screams at his touch and he pulls away. but he 
               follows on foot as she crawls.

                                     dunbar
                         you're hurt... you need help.

               he takes her again, this time holding her firmly. she 
               struggles mightily, twisting onto her back. she lashes out 
               at his face but he grabs her hands, holding them tight. 
               they're nose to nose.

                                     stands with a fist
                         don't...

               he can't believe he heard it and she can't believe she said 
               it.

               she spits out a stream of sioux curses, throws her head back 
               and wails like a wolf. then she passes out.

