               ext. bluff - day

               far down in the valley the figure of lieutenant dunbar is 
               striding through the grass. he looks angry. when he's within 
               a few feet of two socks, dunbar waves his arms and stamps a 
               foot two socks scurries to one side but doesn't go far.

                                     dunbar
                         c'mon two socks... you can't go... 
                         so go home.

               dunbar repeats his shooing motion and the wolf hops a few 
               feet.

                                     dunbar
                         alright then, don't go home. but 
                         stay... stay right here.

               dunbar turns away and as he does a long, low and mournful 
               howl swells behind him. he looks back. two socks muzzle is 
               high in the air and one eye is trained on dunbar hoping for 
               a good reaction.

               like an angry father who's had too much, dunbar charges two 
               sock with a roar.

                                     dunbar
                         you go home.

               the wolf races away this time and dunbar immediately runs 
               for cisco, hoping to reach his horse and ditch two socks. 
               but he's running long before the wolf comes bouncing 
               alongside. dunbar weaves out at him, startling two socks. he 
               sidles away but as he does the lieutenant reaches out and 
               gives the base of his tail a good hard squeeze.

               it might as well be a firecracker. tow socks gives a yelp 
               and shoots off with his tail tucked. dunbar laughs out loud. 
               he watches until the wolf has gone a fair distance without 
               sign of slowing down.

               then still chuckling to himself, he turns once again and 
               starts for cisco at a trot. but moments later, something 
               grabs at one of his ankles, the lieutenant's legs tangle and 
               he goes down face first into the grass.

               dunbar's lying on his belly. not knowing what hit him, he 
               rolls onto his side for a closer look. there's two socks, 
               sitting in the grass a few feet back. dunbar sits up cross-
               legged and smiles at his old friend.

               two socks catches something suddenly, perhaps from a shift 
               in the wind, and starts to slink away. dunbar peers over the 
               grass up at the bluff. it's stone calf, kicking bird and 
               wind in his hair.

