               int. ten bears' lodge - night

               the eldest and most respected men of the band, including ten 
               bears, his pal stone calf, an influential warrior named wind 
               in his hair, and kicking bird are seated around the fire.

               crowded around them, in a high state of excitement, are the 
               village's leading warriors. the meeting is in progress.

                                     kicking bird
                         he might be a god or he might be a 
                         special chief -- that's why we are 
                         thinking of having a talk with him.

               there is a little murmuring around the fire, and it goes 
               silent. wind in his hair rises to speak.

                                     wind in his hair
                         i do not care for this talk about a 
                         white man. whatever kind of white 
                         man he is, he is not sioux and that 
                         makes him less. we've camped here 
                         for ten days now and each day our 
                         scouts find nothing. one old bull 
                         with wolves tearing him apart, nothing 
                         more. we need meat -- not talk.

                                     kicking bird
                         you are right, we need meat today 
                         and tomorrow. but we must also have 
                         meat in ten years.

               kicking bird pauses here. everyone is listening attentively.

                                     kicking bird
                         but the whites are coming. our friends 
                         the shoshone and the kiowa, even our 
                         enemies, agree on this -- the whites 
                         are coming. more than can be counted.

                                     wind in his hair
                         kicking bird is always looking ahead 
                         and that is good. but when i hear 
                         that more whites are coming -- more 
                         than can be counted i want to laugh. 
                         we took a hundred horses from these 
                         people, there was no honor in it. 
                         they don't ride well, they don't 
                         shoot well, they're dirty. they have 
                         no women, no children. they could 
                         not even make it through one winter 
                         in our country. and these people are 
                         said to flourish? i think they will 
                         all be dead in ten years.

               there is a surge of enthusiasm in the lodge and wind in his 
               hair is riding the crest of it.

                                     wind in his hair
                         i think this white man is probably 
                         lost.

               this parting shot prompts a good-natured round of laughter.

                                     kicking bird
                         wind in his hair has spoken straight, 
                         his words are strong and i have heard 
                         them. it's true the whites are a 
                         poor race and it's hard to understand 
                         them. but when i see one white man 
                         alone, without fear in our country, 
                         i do not think he is lost. i think 
                         he may have medicine. i see someone 
                         who might speak for all the white 
                         people who are coming. i think this 
                         is a person with which treaties might 
                         be struck.

                                     wind in his hair
                         this white man cannot cover our 
                         lodges, or string our bows, or feed 
                         our children. i will take some good 
                         men... there are many here tonight. 
                         we will ride to the soldier fort, we 
                         will shoot some arrows into this 
                         white man. if he truly has medicine 
                         he will not be hurt. if he has no 
                         medicine he will be dead.

               this is the best idea so far and there is much talk around 
               the fire. they quiet down as ten bears prepares to speak.

                                     ten bears
                         it is easy to become confused by 
                         these questions. it is hard to know 
                         what to do. no man can tell another 
                         how he will be. but i know this... 
                         killing a white man is a delicate 
                         matter. if you kill one, more are 
                         sure to come. we should talk about 
                         this some more.

               he drops his head, closes his eyes and starts to fall asleep. 
               the meeting is over.

