               ext. fire - night

               everyone has gathered around the great blaze. in the center 
               of the circle close to the fire, the buffalo men are dancing. 
               others are dancing too. the music is very loud.

               the little buckskin is out of his head with speed. he doesn't 
               answer the bit when dunbar first tries to pull him up.

               people scatter in all directions, as dunbar and cisco charge 
               into their midst.

               dunbar pulls back with all his might, and the buckskin sits 
               down. he's wet from his long ride, and dunbar can't stay on 
               his back. as cisco rears, he slides off and tumbles onto his 
               back.

               angry warriors pile on top of him. dunbar shouts out the 
               word for buffalo, yelling it over and over as the warriors 
               pummel him.

               so many men have rushed into the fray that none can deal the 
               lieutenant a decisive blow. they roll about in the dust. 
               just as dunbar's cries have begun to lose their strength, he 
               feels a sudden lessening of the weight upon him.

               as the men pile off, dunbar is left flat on his back. his 
               lip is split and blood is streaming from his nose.

               he's looking into a familiar face. the man's head is covered 
               with the full skin and feathers of an eagle. kicking bird.

                                     dunbar
                         buffalo...

               kicking bird doesn't understand or can't hear. he brings his 
               face close to dunbar's.

                                     dunbar
                         buffalo...
                              (making horns with 
                              his fingers)
                         buffalo.

                                     kicking bird
                         buffalo?

                                     dunbar
                         yes. buffalo.

               kicking bird raises up and yells it out to his people.

                                     kicking bird
                         the buffalo have come.

               for a fleeting moment there is shocked silence. then the 
               sioux explode with excitement.

               still dazed, dunbar is pulled to his feet. the people are 
               surging in around him with yelps of joy.

