               ext. wagon camp - dawn

               the wagon is parked in a shallow depression, its team 
               unhitched. under the wagon the forms of two men lay curled 
               up in blankets.

               dunbar is sleeping peacefully, his nose pressed against a 
               jacket. now his nostrils begin to twitch. his face turns 
               sour and he wakes to find that he's been sleeping against 
               the stink of timmons. flies buzz about the teamster's sleeping 
               body.

               dunbar quickly pulls away from the bad smell. he rolls out 
               from under the wagon and clambers to his feet.

               lieutenant dunbar looks out over the prairie. it's going to 
               be a spectacular day.

               in the far distance, a column of buzzards is circling. dunbar 
               has paused to watch them. he ducks back under the wagon.

                                     dunbar
                         timmons... timmons.

               no response from the deep-sleeping driver. dunbar starts to 
               move closer to shake him awake but the odor under there makes 
               him think twice. he snatches up the arrow and probes under 
               the wagon.

                                     dunbar
                         timmons.

               the teamster comes awake with a squeal, he joins dunbar 
               staring up at the circling birds.

                                     dunbar
                         something's out there...

                                     timmons
                         somethin' dead.

                                     dunbar
                         might have a look.

                                     timmons
                         might stay clear of whatever did the 
                         killin'.

               timmons' mood is different now. he begins to hitch the team 
               with a new sense of urgency.

