               ext. corral - day

               they're streaming past him. five mounted warriors bunched 
               around cisco: raw, powerful men on painted, feathered ponies. 
               wind in his hair is one of them.

               their faces are streaked with colorful designs, their weapons 
               slung around the shoulders, their nearly naked bodies all 
               sinew and bone. they are the full and breathtaking glory of 
               war.

               dunbar is struck dumb. he stands still as the pageant passes 
               in front of him.

               the sight of dunbar troubles wind in his hair, so much that 
               he pulls up a hundred yards away. he sits a moment on his 
               whirling pony, trying to decide if he should confront this 
               white god.

               he makes a warrior's choice. wind in his hair shouts to his 
               fellows to go on and charges down the slope... straight for 
               dunbar.

               dunbar's eyes are fixed on the closing horseman. he can't 
               move.

               wind in his hair is coming flat out, his lance extended. at 
               the last moment he pulls up so hard that the black pony skids 
               to a sit. the horse is up quickly and hard to manage. he 
               pitches back and forth only a few feet in front of lieutenant 
               dunbar.

                                     wind in his hair
                         i am wind in his hair. do you not 
                         see that i am not afraid of you?... 
                         do you see?

               dunbar stares expressionlessly into the sioux's eyes. he 
               doesn't blink.

               wind in his hair suddenly turns his pony and whips after his 
               comrades. a big smile breaks out across his face.

               dunbar stares after the disappearing horse and rider. he 
               feels the weight of the gun and lets it drop to the ground.

               for two or three steps he staggers toward the quarters, but 
               his legs give way and he falls face first in a dead faint.

