               ext. feasting fire - night

               as dunbar gnaws on a rib, he glances at the friendly faces 
               around the fire. his eyes suddenly stop their roving.

               a big warrior is wearing the military hat he lost on the 
               hunt. it's a little too big. the brim touches the top of the 
               big warrior's ears.

               now the big warrior notices that dunbar is staring at him. 
               their eyes meet.

                                     dunbar
                         that's my hat.

               at the sound of these words the cheerful talk around the 
               fire begins to fade.

               dunbar touches the top of his head and points to his hat.

                                     dunbar
                         my hat.

                                     big warrior
                         i found it on the prairie. it's mine.

               a silence falls between the two men. wind in his hair speaks.

                                     wind in his hair
                         that hat belongs to my friend here.

                                     big warrior
                         he left it on the prairie. he didn't 
                         want it.

                                     wind in his hair
                         you can see that he wants it now.

               the big warrior shakes his head. he won't budge.

                                     wind in his hair
                         we all know that is a soldier hat. 
                         we all know who wears it. if you 
                         want to keep it that's alright. but 
                         give something for it.

               the other men around the fire murmur their assent. the big 
               warrior thinks for a moment then abruptly gets to his feet.

               he looks at his waist and unfastens a knife in a beautiful 
               worked scabbard. he tosses it across to dunbar.

               the lieutenant examines the trade item a moment. now he looks 
               back at the big warrior. a smile breaks slowly across his 
               face and dunbar nods. at last he smiles back. it's a trade.

               and at that, the cheerful voices around the fire are at it 
               again.

               dunbar takes his new knife out and as he watches the light 
               flicker off the blade a voice comes into his ear.

                                     wind in his hair
                              (pointing to his head)
                         good trade.

               dunbar looks into his smiling face. he laughs.

                                     dunbar
                         yes, it's good. but, i have to sleep.

               he excuses himself and walks away from the light of the fire, 
               finds himself alone in the shadows, still marveling at his 
               breastplate.

