               ext. river path - day

               the path leading to the river is deserted.

               suddenly, a couple steps out of the cover of the willows 
               alongside the path. stands with a fist and dances with wolves 
               look up and down the path. they start for the village, holding 
               hands.

               as they near the top of the trail their hands part. a few 
               steps later and someone calls from the bushes startling dances 
               with wolves.

                                     smiles a lot
                         what are you doing?

               smiles a lot, worm and otter are sitting pathside. worm is 
               holding a sack.

                                     dances with wolves
                         nothin'.

               smiles a lot looks to stands with a fist.

                                     stands with a fist
                         nothin'.

               worm opens the sack. a large, wriggling snake lies in the 
               bottom.

                                     worm
                         we got a snake.

                                     otter
                         we're gonna see if it can swim the 
                         river. you wanna come?

                                     dances with wolves
                         okay.

               the two parties split up and everyone says goodbye to stands 
               with a fist. she makes her way up to the village.

               dances with wolves watches her go. turning back to head down 
               to the river, he is greeted by the open hissing mouth of 
               worm's snake.

                                     dances with wolves
                         don't do that!

               worm and otter laugh and race off down the path.

               smiles a lot and dances with wolves follow, dances with wolves 
               a little ahead. something on his back, something curious, 
               has captured smiles a lot's attention.

               there's a strange coating of fuzz on dances with wolves' 
               back.

               something occurs to smiles a lot. he stops and turns, his 
               eyes going up the trail.

               stands with a fist is walking toward the village, it's there 
               on her back too... cattail fuzz.

               smiles a lot laughs and runs to catch dances with wolves. 
               the boy slaps dunbar with a knowing pat and a big grin.

