               ext. village - dawn

               the toughest has his knife to stone calf's forehead and is 
               preparing to scalp his victim when something strikes him in 
               the lower leg.

               he looks down to find a small arrow imbedded in his calf. he 
               looks up to see three boys, otter, worm, and smiles a lot, 
               huddled at the edge of the battlefield.

               he turns back to finish the job when another arrow hits him. 
               enraged he breaks off the arrow, leaps onto a horse and 
               charges the kids.

               their faces go ashen as the toughest bears down on them.

               otter's arrow flies weakly into the air. the boys turn and 
               run for their lives.

               the toughest would catch them with ease but now, he sees 
               half a dozen howling sioux warriors angling in to cut him 
               off. he knows in a glance that the fight has been lost. he 
               also knows that he can still escape if he changes direction. 
               he veers for the river.

               the sioux are distraught. the toughest will get away.

               but wait, dances with wolves is at full speed now. he is 
               streaking across the battlefield.

               suddenly, the pawnee himself is hurtling through space, driven 
               there by the full force impact of dances with wolves' shoulder 
               which has caught him rib high.

               both men hit the ground grappling and rolling.

               a knife flashes in the toughest's hand and dances with wolves 
               can only react quick enough to keep the knife from a vital 
               spot. as it is, the blade lays open a huge gash on his arm.

               they square off. the toughest knows the advantage is his. he 
               smiles grimly at dances with wolves and grunts sadistically.

               but the sound from his throat is cut short by the simultaneous 
               arrival of five sioux arrows. before the pawnee can fall, 
               six sioux warriors are on him tearing him to pieces.

