               ext. hillside, moors - day

               he gallops toward the giant's head. he checks his sword and 
               lowers his lance.

               the knight charging forward on his war horse is an awesome 
               sight, but the crowd around the giant's mouth is strangely 
               unfrightened. morgana is excited; she turns to the boy.

                                     morgana
                         look, mordred, a true prize for the 
                         giant. the lamb rides into our jaws.

               perceval is galloping toward them when the ground gives way 
               beneath the horse, and he and the animal plunge into a pit. 
               the cheering crowd rushes to the edge of the trap.

                                     morgana
                              (to mordred)
                         you must kill him, for this knight 
                         is dear to your father. you must do 
                         it and learn to enjoy your father's 
                         pain.

               her knights drag perceval, unarmed, into morgana's presence.

                                     morgana
                         have you found what you search for? 
                         have you found what arthur seeks?

               perceval doesn't answer, defiant and hiding his fear.

                                     morgana
                         you haven't, or you would be smiling 
                         now in the face of death. your quest 
                         is an impossible one.

                                     perceval
                         that it might be impossible makes it 
                         all the more necessary.

                                     morgana
                         fool!
                              (to the men holding 
                              perceval)
                         uncover him. i'll show you the mystery 
                         of life. it's death...
                              (to mordred)
                         do it, mordred!

               holding perceval by his limbs and hair, the men force him 
               down on the bloody grating, drawing back his head, exposing 
               his throat. morgana kneels by his head, and draws the boy 
               beside her. she holds the tip of the dagger to perceval's 
               neck and takes mordred's hand and wraps it around the handle.  
               perceval is choked with fear, his heart pounding in his 
               throat.

                                     morgana
                         feel the life through the dagger, 
                         child. it belongs to you.

               the boy looks up at his mother. the vein in perceval's neck 
               pushes against the dagger's point.

                                     mordred
                         i feel it, mother. i will give his 
                         blood to the giant.

               the boy raises the dagger, and hesitates just a bit. perceval 
               resigns himself bravely. he looks the child calmly in the 
               eye. mordred brings down the blade without strength, just 
               piercing the skin with the tip. he lets go of the dagger, 
               afraid now of his mistake.

               the dagger clatters to the grating and slips away down the 
               drain, before morgana can retrieve it. she rages against 
               mordred. in the confusion, perceval tears loose, the men 
               holding him slipping on the blood-wet stone.

               perceval runs through the crowd. immediately, lance lowered, 
               a knight is upon him. perceval leaps toward him, catching 
               the lance in his hand, and pulling down the rider with it. 
               he jumps the rider and draws the knight's sword. whirling 
               the lance and cutting the air with the sword, he keeps back 
               the other knights for a moment, giving him time to see his 
               chance. he leaps onto the riderless horse and charges off 
               through the crowd. he reins in abruptly, the horse rearing. 
               he is wary of the ground before him; there could be a hidden 
               pit. but there is no time to think. knights and men on foot 
               are rushing him. he spurs forward into a gallop, the horse 
               striding mightily and its hind leg sinks into a pit, the 
               animal losing its gait. but the momentum carries the horse 
               forward, and it recovers from the stumble.

               perceval gallops away.

               morgana is enraged. she shakes mordred by the hair.

                                     morgana
                         you didn't kill him! you didn't kill 
                         him!

               but suddenly she begins kissing him tenderly.

                                     morgana
                         my dear, sweet boy...

               he just stands there emotionless, the dead center of her 
               turbulent passions.

