               ext. moors - day

               the rotting carcasses of sheep. the crops blackened and 
               withered on the stalk. hungry peasants head for a distant 
               hill.

               ext, hillside, moors - day

               a giant head has been carved out of an outcrop of rock, its 
               stone mouth gaping toward the sky.

               people are congregated around the mouth. peasants and farmers, 
               they are wild with excitement, responding to drums throbbing 
               and bagpipes wailing.

               they watch morgana, who is surrounded by knights in dark 
               armor. at her side is an angelic boy of eight, his eyes cold 
               as his mother's. morgana is more beautiful than ever, in 
               flowing druidic robes, the gossamer silk clinging to her 
               sweat-drenched body.

               she is standing by the deep hole which forms the giant's 
               open mouth. it is covered by a tooth-like grating acting as 
               a drain for the blood of human sacrifices made there. before 
               her is gawain, chained and struggling against five strong 
               men who hold him. morgana lifts a dagger and plunges it into 
               gawain's chest. the fountain of blood that gushes from the 
               great knight's body drives the crowd into a frenzy.

                                     morgana
                              (intoning)
                         the blood of this knight will feed 
                         the god in the earth, he is weak 
                         with hunger, and he will be made 
                         strong by this blood. then he will 
                         plant his seed, and the land will be 
                         fertile once again.

               gawain, his blood flowing from him and into the giant's mouth, 
               looks up in anguish. his bellowing voice is echoed and 
               amplified by the hollow beneath the drain.

                                     gawain
                         arthur, forgive me. i die without 
                         the secret. i have failed.

