               int. tintagel castle - hall - night

               drums and wailing flutes fill the banquet hall with a lusty 
               rhythm. armored warriors watch a lone woman dancing. she is 
               very beautiful, both sensuous and innocent.

               uther sits at the long table beside the duke of cornwall 
               with the barons and dukes of the land, and the lesser knights. 
               the table is stained with wine and littered with bones and 
               half-eaten fruit.

               uther's eyes burn with lust as he watches the dancer.

                                     duke of cornwall
                         i would wish you such a wife, lord 
                         uther, as my igrayne. so innocent, 
                         but in bed, a furnace...

               the duke rises and goes to his wife, be-striding the center 
               of the hall and igrayne weaves circles of dance around him. 
               he gloats with pride.

               the words escape his lips:

                                     uther
                         i must have her.

               lot spins to face him.

                                     lot
                         what? you're mad! what about the 
                         alliance?

                                     uther
                              (oblivious)
                         i must have her.

                                     lot
                         and risk all you've won? this castle 
                         commands the sea gate to the kingdom.

               uther is not one for politics, and lot's words sail past 
               him. the king lusts for igrayne.

               a bell is struck not far away. the music ceases and the hall 
               falls silent. the great door creaks open, revealing the dawn 
               light, and a monk steps into the hall and waits by it. muffled 
               by corridors of stone, a choir of monks can now be heard 
               singing the high, ecstatic harmonies of the te deum. those 
               who have fallen asleep at the table are roused, those drunk, 
               helped up.

