               ext. dead forest - day

               perceval gallops down a trail. the black-armored knights of 
               morgana chase him.

               perceval reins into deep cover alongside the trail. the 
               pursuers thunder past and the sound of hooves recedes. 
               perceval checks his newly found sword, slashes the air to 
               feel the weapon's balance. he re-sheathes it. he pats the 
               horse.

                                     perceval
                         we'll become good friends.

               he starts off again, into the patchless forest of dead trees.

               he is suddenly set upon by a wildman who, swinging a small 
               uprooted tree, knocks him off his horse. perceval crashes to 
               the ground and before he can use his sword the wildman has 
               knocked it out of his hand.

               it is lancelot, demented, who furiously rains battering blows 
               on perceval's armor, bellowing with rage. all that perceval 
               can do is attempt to avoid the blows. lancelot addresses 
               perceval as if the young knight were lancelot himself.

                                     lancelot
                         where are you going, lancelot, in 
                         your iron tomb? still trying to save 
                         the world?
                              (he hammers blows 
                              into perceval's armor)
                         the best... the bravest... the 
                         greatest... fool that ever lived. 
                         now the world rots. death is king of 
                         the earth. and it is you who make it 
                         so, lancelot.

               before perceval can speak, lancelot disappears again into 
               the forest, his eyes blank, as though his encounter with the 
               young knight had never happened.

               a knot of pain, perceval pulls himself up. he tries to rise 
               into the saddle. he is too hurt to do it. he starts off on 
               foot, slowly, leading the horse.

