               ext. forest - night

               lancelot has unsaddled and tethered his horse in a small 
               clearing. he sits, resting back against a tree. he removes 
               his helmet; he plants his sword before him, like a cross. he 
               loosens the ties of his breastplate. he waits for day, 
               yawning, tired. but his eyes burn, and he closes them and 
               nods off to sleep.

               a knight appears silently hovering over him. lancelot looks 
               up, and his eyes go wide with fear. the knight towering above 
               him wears armor identical to his, and he raises his sword, 
               and the blade is descending upon lancelot. lancelot draws 
               his sword from the ground and rolls away, but the knight's 
               sword slices through his shoulder joint. lancelot attempts 
               to rise but already the knight, lancelot's mirror image, is 
               upon him. from the ground, lancelot parries the blow and 
               slashes at the opponent's knee, cutting through the joint in 
               the armor and severing the leg.

               the knight doesn't fall, doesn't bleed, doesn't cry out. on 
               one leg he comes forward, a horror. lancelot is paralyzed by 
               fear. as the knight leaps upon lancelot, lancelot rises to 
               meet him, impaling himself on the knight's sword below the 
               hauberk. he throws the knight to the ground, and comes down 
               upon him. he rips off the helmet and the breastplate. the 
               armor is empty and lancelot rolls over on his back, awakening 
               from the nightmare with his own sword deep in his stomach, 
               and in his hand his own helmet and breastplate, while other 
               parts of his armor lie strewn around him.

               only then does he become conscious of the terrible pain and 
               the shock of the truth. he grabs the hilt of his sword and 
               draws it from his stomach. he curls up in agony, clutching a 
               fistful of leaves to the wound.

                                     lancelot
                         guenevere, i fight against myself...

               he loses consciousness.

