               ext. beach - sunset then night

               there is a trail of blood and prints upon the sand left by a 
               man crawling.

               perceval follows them toward the sea. he looks around, 
               searching, terribly distraught.

               where the blood and prints cease, there are many footprints 
               coming from and returning into the sea. perceval looks out 
               across the waves.

               he sees a sailing vessel rising on the swell. on its deck he 
               can make out the distant figure of arthur, lying surrounded 
               by women, their gossamer robes rippling in the wind. the sun 
               hovers on the horizon and the ship is heading for it.

               he gallops into the waves until his horse will go no further, 
               calling out with all his strength, a futile attempt:

                                     perceval
                         arthur! will you return?

               the sun slips below the horizon. night is falling, and the 
               wind whips the wavecrests. he turns from the sea and wades 
               back.

                                     perceval
                         all the knights of the round table 
                         are dead. excalibur is returned. 
                         arthur is gone. maybe he lives, maybe 
                         he will return...

               he stops at the edge of the water. in the uncertain light 
               sky and sea become one. he draws the chalice out of a pouch 
               on his saddle, and he holds it up before him.

                                     perceval
                         only i remain, and this...

               the wind swirls and whistles mysteriously in the hollow of 
               the cup. music grand and melancholic grows from it. the 
               chalice, etched in starlight, is the last thing that is taken 
               from sight in the enfolding darkness.

                                                                  fade out:

