               int. hall of the round table, camelot - day

               guenevere, bearing a bowl of perfect, deep red apples, 
               approaches the round table, where arthur sits and merlin at 
               his side, attending to the affairs of the kingdom. quite a 
               few of the knights occupy their seats, talking with each 
               other, drinking and laughing, attended by ladies and pages. 
               guenevere places the apples at lancelot's empty place and 
               takes her seat next to arthur.

               in the archways that lead into the hall, petitioners wait, 
               eating, drinking, talking among themselves. in the din, no 
               one pays attention to the vehement arguing of the fat man 
               and the thin man, which continues even here. the hall is the 
               burgeoning, happy center of the kingdom.

               but merlin is oblivious to the lively clamor. he gazes like 
               a lovesick puppy across the table at morgana, who bends over 
               whispering to a knight at the table, the young sir gahalt,, 
               while his older brother sir gawain listens. morgana notices 
               merlin's stare and smiles at him, and then resumes her 
               flirtation with sir gahalt, much to merlin's annoyance.

               sir kay ushers the thin man and the fat man into the open 
               space at the center of the table for their audience with the 
               king. they quarrel even as kay tries to present them, and 
               the attention of the hall gradually focuses on them.

               the two men talk at once, interrupting, overlapping.

                         fat man
                 i brew ale, sir--from 
                 old shoes--i am an 
                 honest tradesman sir. 
                 i must sell what i 
                 produce. he won't buy 
                 ale and he won't pay. 
                 pay up! he leans over 
                 the barrel and sucks 
                 in the vapors. the 
                 vapors are mine.

                                                       thin man
                                               how would you know i, sir, 
                                               have the misfortune to 
                                               live next to this 
                                               criminal... what loss in 
                                               that? not to me! pay for 
                                               what? why?! they are 
                                               floating on the wind. 

               arthur is both amused and exasperated.

                                     arthur
                         enough!... what is a fair price for 
                         the smell of your ale?

                                     fat man
                         that's why we have come to you, sir 
                         there's no one else who can tell us.

                                     arthur
                         what does it cost to get drunk on 
                         your ale?

                                     fat man
                         at least three shillings, sir.

               arthur addresses the thin man.

                                     arthur
                         give me three shillings.

               the thin man is crestfallen, the smile gone from his face. 
               he reluctantly hands the coins to kay, who gives them to 
               arthur. arthur tosses them in the air and lets them fall on 
               a metal plate. he hands them back to the thin man, who is 
               totally confused now, as is everybody else.

                                     arthur
                         for the smell of your ale, the jingle 
                         of his coins.

               the knights roar with laughter and the fat man and the thin 
               man look at each other in astonishment. perceval lets out a 
               raucous laugh that wins him a glance of disapproval from 
               kay.

