               ext. forest - night

               darkness. the sound of battle cries and the clang of metal 
               upon metal. the forest lights up with huge sparks flying 
               from sword and ax as armored knights hack and swing at each 
               other. mounted knights collide head-on at full gallop, their 
               armor made incandescent in the clash. sparks eddy in their 
               wakes and float to the ground. the forest catches fire.

               main titles on the flames. out of the sounds of ancient battle 
               grows music, heroic and barbaric, shot through with 
               melancholy.

               two crazed eyes reflect the fire. the eyes belong to a man 
               without age, at once ancient and boyish, female and male; 
               his eyes are pained from the burden of too much knowledge. 
               so close is he to the flames that a lock of his wild hair 
               sizzles alight. he slaps at the fire as if it were an annoying 
               insect. he wears a cloak of black trimmed with silver. it is 
               merlin. the wizard weaves a path through the burning forest, 
               dodging the combatants, searching.

                                     merlin
                         lord uther! lord uther!

               the forest around him weeps softly with the sounds that follow 
               slaughter. patches of undergrowth are smoldering. small flames 
               lick bark and branches.

               smoke floats through the trees and hovers over the bodies of 
               the dying and the dead.

               a huge knight reins up beside merlin on a lathered horse. 
               his armor is blood spattered. he is weary from battle. he 
               looks down at merlin, his countenance fierce. the blade of 
               his sword glows with an unnatural aura.

                                     merlin
                         it's done. a truce. we meet at the 
                         river.

                                     uther
                              (disgusted)
                         talk. lovers murmuring to each 
                         other...

