               int. bedchamber - day

               the wind keens. thunder rolls overhead. arthur enters his 
               bedchamber. he sits by the empty fireplace, a broken man. 
               feminine hands light on his shoulders. he starts. he looks 
               up. it is morgana. he smiles and grasps her hand.

                                     morgana
                         i'll weep for you, brother, for a 
                         king must not weep.

               she comes around and she kneels in front of him. before he 
               can talk she silences him with a tender caress.

                                     morgana
                         do you know what guenevere's maids 
                         have whispered?

               he shakes his head.

                                     morgana
                         that when the king returned from 
                         battle...

               she begins untying the laces of his metal thigh and shin 
               guards.

                                     morgana
                         ...guenevere would unlace his armor 
                         and massage the burns where metal 
                         rubbed on flesh...

               she is stripping his legs naked, gently touching the flesh 
               with her fingertips. he stares off, remembering.

                                     morgana
                         ...she would prepare a bath for you, 
                         mixing special ointment in the 
                         water...

               arthur's eyes brim with tears. morgana weeps, embracing his 
               knees. he rests his hand gently upon her head, choked with 
               remembrance, soothing her. but as she weeps, she incants a 
               charm.

               arthur looks down upon her, and the woman who looks up at 
               him is guenevere, a guenevere with cold ice eyes. he is made 
               weak by desire and weakened further by magic. he holds her 
               face adoringly.

                                     arthur
                         guenevere! you are--

                                     "guenevere"
                         --don't speak. a thousand words, a 
                         hundred thousand words, would only 
                         be prologue to the truth that must 
                         be. that you, king, and i, your queen, 
                         beget a son to bond our love and to 
                         strengthen our weak kingdom with a 
                         successor. come, my lord...

               she draws him to the floor and upon her body, holding him 
               tightly to himself. arthur trembles with excitement, pathetic 
               in his desperate passion.

               as he takes her, she shudders, losing control of the charm, 
               and her features change till once again "guenevere" is 
               morgana. she holds him in a tight embrace so that he may not 
               see her. she whispers in his ear.

                                     morgana
                         the moon flows in my blood to meet 
                         your seed. and already i bear him 
                         who will be king.

               arthur wrenches himself away so he can see her, her arms 
               still around his neck. he looks down upon her, aghast, 
               incredulous.

                                     morgana
                         i could easily kill you, brother. 
                         but i want you to live to see our 
                         son be king. in me, the blood of 
                         cornwall will have its revenge; in 
                         me, the blood of uther will show its 
                         dark side.

               she presses her thumbs into his neck and he faints.

