               ext. outside the castle - night

               arthur fights like a wounded lion at the center of the savage 
               melee of sword and shield, and once again the two sides fall 
               apart.

               uryens and lot are standing in the moat among the bodies of 
               their men, are reduced to eleven knights, all wounded.

               arthur is flanked by twenty men at arms, most of them wounded, 
               and trembling now beyond exhaustion with blood lust. arthur 
               steps forward alone, and addresses his opponents.

                                     arthur
                         you are in my hands, to slay or spare. 
                         i need battle lords such as you. 
                         swear faith to me and you shall have 
                         mercy.

                                     uryens
                         noble knights swear faith to a mere 
                         squire?

               arthur turns, searching for merlin. he spots him watching 
               from a distance. they stare at each other, merlin implacable, 
               arthur's eyes pleading. it's obvious that merlin isn't going 
               to help.

                                     arthur
                         you are right. i'm not yet a knight.
                              (gaining strength)
                         you, uryens, will knight me.

               he unsheathes excalibur and goes forward, kneeling before 
               uryens and offering him the sword.

                                     arthur
                         then as knight to knight i can offer 
                         you mercy.

                                     merlin
                              (to himself)
                         what's this, what's this?!

               arthur, kneeling, bows his head and uryens steps up to him, 
               his features set. he accepts the sword. lot watches, a mad 
               hope dancing in his eyes.

