               ext. outside camelot, forest - day

               perceval cannot believe his eyes. as lancelot and kay talk 
               about him out of earshot, he sees things that he's never 
               seen before; and he gapes like the country bumpkin that he 
               is.

               dragon-like kites sweep low, maneuvered by children. in a 
               meadow among the trees, knights hone their skills with lance 
               and sword, and ladies watch and their "bright eyes rain 
               influence and judge the prize." and then, there is camelot 
               itself; the great gate and the drawbridge; the massive walls, 
               and the soaring towers and spires above.

               perceval rushes up to lancelot and kay.

                                     perceval
                         who will give me my sword?

               kay is not at all pleased; nonetheless he takes the boy by 
               the ear and leads him across the drawbridge and into the 
               castle.

                                     kay
                         kitchen knives and greasy spits will 
                         be your weapons, boy.

               lancelot smiles to himself, hesitation, lingering before the 
               great gate of camelot.

               there is a walkway suspended in the trees above, that also 
               leads to the castle, and promenading on it is a group of 
               women, guenevere and her ladies-in-waiting. the queen sees 
               lancelot and hastens toward him.

               lancelot sees her, and mounts his horse and heads back into 
               the forest. she stops, somewhat ahead of the ladies, and 
               watches wistfully.

               lancelot turns back and seeing her one last time, draws down 
               his visor and spurs his horse into a canter.

               he passes two commoners who are heading for the castle, one 
               fat and the other thin, and they are locked in hot dispute. 
               their wives keep them from coming to blows and their children 
               spur them on, enjoying the excitement.

               lancelot is swallowed by the forest.

