ext. pier - day

natalie spots the blue racer reaching the end of the
long pier. it pulls a u-turn to face her, then stops,
engine idling. there's only way off the pier, and it's
past natalie.

the thin man revs his engine.

natalie revs hers.

angle on a white seagull, pecking at something on the
pier, halfway between the two racers. the bird looks up,
hearing the engines.

angle on the thin man. he pulls his harness tighter.
revs his engine higher.

angle on natalie. if it's a game of chicken he wants,
she'll give it to him. she revs her engine higher still.

the noise scares the bird, who suddenly flies off. like
a flag being dropped, that's the signal for both racers
to peel out.

a cloud of smoke.    rubber on asphalt.

already reaching a tremendous speed, the racers are on a
collision course. the thin man isn't going to turn away.
neither is natalie.

racing faster, and faster still, there's only one way
this can turn out. but then, at the very last moment,
the thin man wusses out. he cuts the wheel right,
missing natalie and careening off the edge of the pier.

in slow motion, we watch as his racer hangs in mid-air,
wheels still spinning. back-heavy, the tail hits the
water first.

natalie brakes hard, cuts the wheel to avoid going off
the far end of the pier. she finally stops, the rear
tire just 1/4 inch from the edge.

craning up along the side of the pier, we find natalie
looking into the water where the blue racer went in.
there's just a slick of oil and a steady stream of bubbles.

                                              cut to:

video / camera's p.o.v.

we see lots of hallways, doorways and security locks, all
from the pov of a man's hip.

the footage is from the camera in the switched briefcase
that corwin is now carrying with him.
                                              (continued)

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                               54.

continued:

we pull back from the video to see we are actually
watching it...

