ext. the big blue sky - falling away from the 747 - day

-- james earl jones, still holding pasqual in a bear hug.
they plummet, wind violently tearing at them. pasqual's
frantic screams doppler quite nicely.

dropping with them

they continue to fall, gaining speed. pasqual is
terrified, but jones doesn't seem worried. in fact,
casually, he glances at his watch, and then looks --

far below them - across the sky

at the tiny black speck gradually grows larger in the
distance...

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                               4.

closer - on that black speck

it's a jet helicopter. its door opens, and now a skydiver leaps
out, helmet down, arms back, streaking across the
sky in aerodynamic perfection, heading directly towards

jones and pasqual

who are still plummeting toward the earth at terminal
velocity. jones begins to let go of pasqual, who screams
and tries to clutch onto him, desperate.

                        james earl jones
                 (over the rushing wind)
          pull yourself together. we have
          company.
                        pasqual
          what?

suddenly -- whommppph!! -- the skydiver spread-eagles,
stopping the wild dive directly behind pasqual, and
immediately binds his arms and straps a parachute on him.

all three are still free-falling.

james earl jones nods at the skydiver who, even under the
helmet and goggles, is clearly a beautiful woman.

meet alexandra "alex" munday, one of charlie's angels.
she's a sultry bombshell -- a classic femme fatale --
only she's playing for the good guys.

she gives james earl jones a wink, then jerks pasqual's
rip cord and -- whoomph. pasqual's chute deploys. he
flies upward, leaving --

alex and james earl jones, both still falling.    below the
ocean screams up at them. not much time left.

james earl jones pulls his belt -- and his mufti flies
up. it's actually a tiny drogue chute, deploying his
entire dashiki. his outfit hides a parachute rig.

alex pulls her own rip cord and -- whoomph -- her chute
unfurls, and now...

alex and james earl jones gently float towards --

