ext. the big blue sea - day

a cigarette boat floats through the choppy water, a
gorgeous young woman expertly throttling up the growling
v-8.

say hello to natalie thompson, charlie's second angel.
at a glance, she's the brainy-shy girl next door.

                                                 (continued)

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                                 5.

continued:

but put her behind the wheel of any vehicle, and she's
unstoppable.

natalie glances ahead, maneuvering the boat perfectly under
alex, who drops on deck. alex gathers her chute, then whips off
her helmet to give her cascading mane a wild shake.

here comes james earl jones. natalie guns the boat
underneath...a perfect catch. alex helps him with his
dashiki-chute, and then all three look up...

here comes pasqual. natalie whips the boat around,
catching him as he helplessly drops into the seats, still
bound, still scared out of his wits. he gapes wild-eyed
at the two angels, then whirls on james earl jones.

                           pasqual
             you crazy bastard!

                           james earl jones
             i think you mean crazy bitch.

with that, james earl jones reaches up and pulls his face
off. latex rips free, and standing there (without his
dashiki, james earl jones has a great figure) is...

... stunningly beautiful dylan sanders, angel number
three. she's the wild one.

pasqual's jaw drops as dylan shakes her hair free, then
reaches in her mouth --

                           dylan
                    (still with james earl jones' voice)
             don't need this anymore.

-- and extracts a voice-modifying chip.

                           dylan (cont'd)
                    (now in her real voice)
             but i sure could use this.

and she pulls from her pocket the airplane-size bottle of
johnnie walker black. she twists it open and downs it.

                           dylan (cont'd)
             damn i hate to fly.

