int. ladies room - night

a wee bit smitten, natalie enters as the last woman leaves.

we hear just the drip drip drip of a faucet and the muzak
version of power station's "some like it hot."

natalie

in a stall

natalie shuts the door behind herself, then sets to work
putting down a tissue-paper seat cover.

sweeping across the floor

we look under stall doors to find a pair of black men's
boots stepping down from inside. natalie is not alone.

in her stall

natalie is about to hoist her skirt when she stops.         her
spider sense is tingling.

a door latch

clicks open. we tilt up to see a well-dressed man.          he's
at least 6'3".

he stops at natalie's stall door, drawing his gun.      a
beat, then he kicks the door open, revealing...

an empty stall.

the automatic toilet flushes itself.      the man takes a
half-step in, confused. suddenly --
                                                  (continued)

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                                67.

continued:

the door swings back, smashing into his right hand.     he
drops the gun, looking up to see

natalie,

who is perched atop the stall walls.     she pushed the door
with her foot.

grabbing an overhead pipe, she performs an acrobatic
swing, landing both feet on the guy's head. he falls
into the next row of stalls.

natalie reaches for the gun, but the man grabs her ankles.
he pulls her back across the tile floor, flipping her over.
that just makes it easier for her to kick him where it counts.

with a scissors lock around his neck, natalie is pulled
up while the man falls. she lands a knee on his windpipe.

                           natalie
             who do you work for?

he tries to pull her off.    she leans in harder.

                           natalie (cont'd)
             speak now or never again.

                            the man
                    (motioning with eyes)
             jacket pocket.

suspicious, she digs inside his coat to pull out a leather
billfold. flips it open to reveal an i.d. that reads...

                           natalie
             national security agency?   you're with the nsa?

                           the man
             i've been following you. i didn't
             know which side you were on.
                    (beat)
             this is bigger than you think.

