int. men's steam room - day

a burst of steam clears, revealing bosley. he waddles forward
in his shower clogs, which squish with every step. he's wearing
two towels: one around his waist, and a second around his
chest.

as more steam dissipates, we see there    are seven men sitting on
the risers. six are gorgeous, ranging     from calvin klein models
to marlboro men. bosley looks around,     taking a keen interest.
maybe he's checking them out, maybe he    isn't. we just don't
know.

the seventh man is roger corwin, who we recognize from
the videotape. he's leaning forward, a gold chain
dangling. it's beside him that bosley takes a seat.

he sets the ice cup -- and the transmitter -- in a
strategic location.

noticing that none of the other men have towels around
their bosoms, bosley nervously undoes his, revealing skin
the color of cooked salmon. he fluffs up his sparse chest hair,
then decides to smush it back down.

he tries to make eye contact with corwin, working way too
hard. annoyed, corwin finally looks over.

                           bosley
             hot in here, isn't it?

corwin shakes his head, idiot.

                           bosley (cont'd)
             just came here to unwind a little.
             business these days is go go go. my
             company just held an initial pubic offering.

yes, he said "pubic." he's about to correct himself when
a very hot guy across from him moves his towel to wipe off
                                              (continued)

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                                19.

continued:

some sweat. we don't see the promised land, but bosley
does. it flusters him.

he sees another guy eating ice chips. good idea.      bosley
does the same. he eats another. and another.

                           bosley (cont'd)
                    (re-composed)
             so, what business are you in?

corwin seems wary, but bosley is clearly harmless.

                            corwin
             computers.   software.

                           bosley
             computers, hunh? what do you know
             about this new browser from knox
             technologies?

corwin bristles at the mention.

                           bosley (cont'd)
             word on the street is, once they
             raise capital, they'll rule the
             industry.

                           corwin
             i don't see that happening.

                            bosley
             really?   why not?

the door opens, a rush of steam. adonis himself enters.
picking a seat behind bosley, he pulls off his towel as
he passes. we just see a bit of ass, but bosley is face-
to-face with the babymaker.

one ice chip is not going to do it.    he chugs the rest of
his cup, including

the transmitter

which bleeps.    corwin and others look over.    what the hell
was that?

the device still in his mouth, bosley has no choice but to
smile and swallow. his eyes go wide as he chokes it down.

corwin gets up to leave.

                           bosley (cont'd)
             nice talking with you.

another bleep. he shuts his mouth tight. smiles. rubs
his chest a bit, trying to get the transmitter down.

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                               20.

