ext. verandah - day

from below, we hear security whistles. the compound has been
breached. dylan looks at the six armed guards surrounding her.

                           dylan
             here we go.

and now she does exactly what she told the thin man she'd do:

she pitches forward, ducking her head so the chair's back
crashes into the railing, tearing it off. she stands.

                           dylan (cont'd)
             okay, that part worked.

the guards fire -- but dylan has already launched herself
from the railing into that backflip, which lands her on
the head of --

fat boy, flattening him bad, and smashing the rest of the
chair into kindling. she grabs the wooden seat and whips
it up, catching bullets from guard #3 before flinging it
like a frisbee at guard #2, nailing him right on the chin.

quickly she stands again, between guards #3 and 4.

                           dylan (cont'd)
             now, guys, i warned you. this is
             where you shoot each other.

the two men scoff, disbelieving. then dylan does a head
fake, both guards panic, and fire, but dylan drops, leaving
each man a clear shot at the other. both gape. both fall.

just guards #5 and 6 left.    dylan's chair arms are still
taped to her forearms.

                           dylan (cont'd)
             okay, here's where we improvise.

in a whirl, she overhead-chops guard #5. drives her
right arm into his shoulder while swinging her left arm
into the back of the guard #6's head.
                                              (continued)

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                                   89.

continued:

a few more blows, then both men fall.

now dylan drops into a second chair, half-exhausted,
half-amused with herself. has one brief beat to take it
all in, then --

bosley steps onto the veranda, sees dylan sitting in the
chair.

from his point of view: it looks like dylan -- whose
arms are still strapped to the arms of the first chair --
is taped to the chair she now sits in.

                           bosley
             oh my god, let me help you.

bosley hurries over, "freeing her." amused, dylan lets
him. natalie steps out from inside, pausing to kick one
guard who was starting to revive.

                                                   cut to:

