     int. delilah's room - night

     delilah is backed up against the wall, her face bleeding,
     and she is throwing the contents of her chamber pot on mike
     who is advancing on her with an open barlow knife and davey
     busts into the room naked and alice follows him and people
     are shouting in other rooms.

                               mike
                     (wiping shit off himself)
                   hold the bitch, davey, hold her.

     the one coal oil lamp in the room gives off just enough
     light that you can make all this out.  certainly you can see
     that mike, who is wearing leggings and no shirt, is a big
     tough man, unshaven, eyes inflamed with whiskey...

                               mike
                   hold her, dammit, davey!
                   if you don't hold her i'll
                   cut her tits off.

     little sue, a fifteen year old whore, is in the doorway,
     eyes wide with terror and alice screams at her.

                               alice
                   get skinny, for god's sake!
                   skinny!

     davey is reluctant about the whole thing but he is afraid of
     mike and he gets behind delilah and grabs her.

                               davey
                   wh-what you gonna do, mike?

     mike is doing it now and delilah is screaming while he
     carves her face with the barlow knife and blood is all over,
     splashing on davey and davey, who is just a kid, after all,
     nineteen with a big shock of unruly red hair and innocent
     blue eyes, is horrified.

                               mike
                   thieving cunt, i'll...

                               davey
                   mike, don't, jesus, don't...

                               alice
                   skinny!  bring your gun.

     alice can't wait for skinny and she jumps on mike's back and
     brings the big man down and she fights him though she's not
     a big woman.   alice is twenty-five but she's been around
     some, whored some tough cow-towns, and she has too much bone
     and character in her face to be outright pretty but she
     attracts men like flies.  sure she has some smallpox scars
     on her face, but they're common and there are only a few of
     them, not like on skinny whose mean little face is eaten
     right up with them.

     view on skinny dubois

     standing there in the doorway, his nasty face eaten with
     smallpox scars and he is looking at delilah who is a
     fountain of blood, looking at her coldly, and looking down
     at the melee on the floor and, pointing the big navy colt in
     his hand, he says,

                              skinny
                   get offa her, asshole.

     and he says it so cold and with such authority that
     everything goes quiet.


