     ext. big whiskey hill - day

     the whores on the hill.  one by one, with no words
     exchanged, they feel the silence and turn and exchange
     glances and they glance at delilah.  she winces and turns
     back to hanging clothes.

     view on a horse's open mouth and skinny

     inspecting.

                              skinny
                   you boys took a while.  couple
                   more days i was gonna call on
                   the sheriff.

     the horses are gathered in front of greely's and skinny
     moves among them inspecting them while the two cowboys
     remain mounted.

                               davey
                   river was swole so we couldn't
                   cross her.

     davey is holding the halter of a little paint and when skinny
     starts to inspect the pain, davey pulls the pony away.

                               davey
                   you got two of mine.  this here
                   one ain't yours.

     skinny and davey lock eyes and skinny is wondering how far
     to push it when splat!... davey gets a face full of mud.
     the three men turn to see the whores coming around the side
     of greely's, all except delilah, and they are throwing mud,
     scooping it from the sloppy street and...

     mike gets a hit on the chest and then on the face and he
     gives an ugly look and wheels his horse and digs in his
     spurs and heads north at a trot and mud continues to rain on
     him as the whores jeer.

                              skinny
                   damn you.
                             (splat)
                   that ain't no way to behave.
                             (splat)
                   quit that.

     surprisingly, davey turns his horse right into the barrage
     of mud and taking it in the face and on the chest he
     dismounts.  his paint takes a big gob of mud on one eye and
     davey wipes the mud off tenderly.

                               davey
                   this here pony... i brung it for
                   the lady... the one my partner
                   cut.

     the whores stop throwing mud abruptly.  there is a pause...
     and they can see that he is just a kid, and that he is sorry
     as hell and that he is about to cry and they are touched,
     especially little sue.

                               davey
                   it's the best of the lot... better
                   than the ones i give him.
                        (indicating skinny)
                   she could sell it or... what she
                   wants.

                               alice
                            (recovering)
                   a pony!...  she ain't got no face
                   left an' you're gonna give her a
                   goddamn mangy pony.

                               davey
                   he ain't m-m-mangy, ma'am, he...

     slop.  davey gets it in the face with a big gob of mud as
     alice resumes fire and splat, the paint gets it.

     faith and silky and kate hesitate just a moment... and then
     they dig in and start jeering and throwing again and little
     sue bends down slowly and picks up some mud and then she
     just stands there with it, almost crying, and watches the
     cowboy turn away under a barrage of mud and mount his pony
     and ride out, mud hitting him all over and the women jeering
     and running after him in the muddy street.

     view on delilah

     hanging clothes up on the hill and she canhear the shouting
     in the distance and she turns and looks down with the
     beautiful eyes and sees the cowboy riding out of town
     slowly, chased by the jeering women.


