     ext. outhouse - day

     the kid in the bushes and he hears the door slamming shut up
     at the bunkhouse and he squints anxiously.

                              the kid
                            (whispering)
                   is it him?

                               munny
                          (watching mike)
                   yup.

     the kid is beside himself, his throat goes dry and he gulps
     for air and he brings the hammer back on his pistol and
     squints anxiusly.

     his pov:

     mike out of focus approaching from the kid's pov and
     gradually mike comes into focus walking closer and we

     view on the kid

     sweating, tensed for action and munny looks over at him.

                               munny
                            (whispering)
                   he's yours, kid.  can you get him?

     and the kid is biting his lip and doesn't answer and quick
     mike is very close and the kid brings up his pistol and
     gulps and doesn't shoot and then it is too late because mike
     has entered the outhouse.

     munny is disgusted and he cocks the shotgun to do it
     himself.

     the kid is walking on eggshells approaching the door of the
     outhouse, pistol in his right hand and he reaches his left
     hand to open the door but he is hesitant and...

     munny sees fatty rossiter step casually out of the bunkhouse
     and munny raises the shotgun and fatty sees the kid and
     screams.

                               fatty
                   assassins, boys, assassins!

     bawhoom!  munny lets go with the shotgun and fatty dives
     back into the bunkhouse and...

     the kid is startled and looks over his shoulder.

                               munny
                   shoot him, kid!

     and the kid grabs the door with his left hand and opens it
     and there is mike sitting on the crapper astonished and one
     hand is on his holstered pistol but he's frozen and the kid
     is pointing the schofield at him but the kid is frozen too.

                                mike
                   no!  no!

     blam!  the schofield jumps in the kid's hand and mike gets
     it in the chest and there is smoke all over and the kid
     stares at mike amazed and mike who has a big splotch of
     blood on his chest stares back at the kid amazed also and
     then...

     blam, the kid shoots him again, this time in the face.
     bang!  bang!  shots from the bunkhouse and...

     bawhoom!  munny blasts the bunkhouse with shotgun.

                               munny
                   come on, kid.

     blam, the kid shoots mike's slumping body a third time and
     he seems hypnotized but...

     bang bang shots are coming from the bunkhouse and munny is
     screaming and the kid tears himself away.


