     ext. logan house - day

     sally two trees, weeding under a hot sun.  she is an indian
     woman about forty years old, heavy, and she is pulling weeds
     from a neat garden near the logan house and she looks up and
     she sees something and frowns and keeps looking and doesn't
     like what she sees,

     her pov:

     a man in the distance riding an albino mare, making his way
     slowly through the prosperous fields of young corn.

     view on sally

     she looks over at her husband, ned logan, who is working not
     far away and he seems to "hear" her look because he turns to
     her and, seeing her troubled expression, he follows her look
     and he too sees the rider on the albino mare.

                                ned
                   i'll be damned.  it's billy munny.

     ned is about forty, balding, a farmer, but not as seedy
     looking as his old friend, bill munny.

     view on munny

     trying to dismount and the albino prancing and munny
     staggering and sally looking at the scene grimly.

                               munny
                            (awkwardly)
                   hullo sally... i... uh, i
                   ain't seen you in near as long
                   as this, uh... as this horse
                   ain't felt the saddle.

     munny gets up out of the dust looking uncomfortable and
     sally just stares at him coldly.

                                ned
                             (warmly)
                   come on in outta the sun, bill.
                   sally, you see to bill's horse.

     munny nods an uncomfortable thank-you to sally as ned leads
     him toward a house that is very different from munny's.  it
     is a two story frame house freshly painted and surrounded by
     a well-tended garden, a tool shed, a barn and lush fields.

     as the men disappear into the house sally leads the albino
     toward the barn.  her sharp eyes don't miss the stock of the
     shotgun where it protrudes slightly from the bedroll.  her
     eyes seem to see even into the future... and all they see is
     trouble.


