     int. penthouse number-two - fiddler's green - day


 6                                                            36

     ...and cholo enters a dark foyer. the only light comes from     
     another room somewhere inside. a soft, rhythmic squeak, like    

                                                                     

     a child's swing moving back and forth, echoes through the
     apartment. it's an eerie, incongruous sound.                    
     on guard, eyes straining, cholo moves inside. the squeak gets
     louder, the light brighter as he turns a corner and sees...     




                                                                     

     ...a middle-aged man, hanging dead from a homemade noose
     suspended from a light fixture in the kitchen! the body sways   
     slowly, the harsh glare making the man's face even whiter       

                                                                     

     than it is. a toppled chair lies on the floor at his feet.



     cholo stands transfixed for an instant. and in that instant... 



     ...he is grabbed from behind! he whirls, ready to kill, but     
     finds only a middle-aged woman, 60-something, wearing a         
     tailored suit and expensive jewelry, her perfectness            
     blemished only by her hysteria.                                 

                        woman

              my johnny, he killed himself, he                       
              killed himself. my johnny! my                          
              johnny!                                                
     cholo shakes her, hard.                                         

                        cholo                                        

              keep it together, lady.                                
     behind them, in the kitchen, unseen, a dazed young man, walks   
     up to the hanging corpse. he rights the toppled chair and       
     steps on it, lifting a paring to knife cut through the noose.   




                                                                














                                                                














                                                      23.











                   young man                                    

         (softly, to himself) dad. oh, dad.                     

                   woman

         (to cholo) se-security. are you                        
         security?




                    cholo

         no, i...




                   woman

         then, for god's sake, who are you?!



she resumes her screaming.                                      
in the kitchen, the young man is slicing through the rope
when his dead father's eyes pop open! the young man is too      

                                                                

busy with the rope to notice. the hanged man's eyes blink.
once. twice. three times. its body twitches. and then...        




                                                                

...the hanged man turns, making a move on the young man. the
motion increases the strain on the light fixture, which pulls   
away, sparking, from the ceiling and crashes to the floor,      

                                                                

along with the hanged man and his son.



the entire apartment is plunged into darkness. the woman        

                                                                

stops her screaming. almost as soon as she does, a snarl can
be heard from the kitchen, followed by another scream, this     
one coming from the young man.                                  
cholo rushes to a nearby fireplace and grabs a poker and a      
matchlight, which looks like a pistol, but shoots fire from     

                                                                

its tip. he approaches the kitchen, using the flame to light
his way. in the flickering glow, he sees...                     
...the young man lying on the floor. chunks have been bitten
out of his neck and wrist. the body is convulsing in the last   
moments of life. the hanged man is nowhere to be seen.          
cholo stands over the young man and stabs him in the head       
with the poker, jabbing the point all the way through. the      
woman screams again from the kitchen doorway.                   

                   cholo                                        

         shut up! i gotta hear. where'd he                      
         go? where'd the other guy go?                          
silence. cholo pulls the poker out of the young man's head.     
shuffling sounds. he follows them to the other end of the       
kitchen, probing the darkness with his matchlight.              
the sounds are louder here. cholo lifts the poker, ready to     
strike. just as he does...                                      




                                                                








                                                                














                                                                














                                                                














                                                       24.










...the back door of the apartment bursts open and a security    
guard lunges into the kitchen, rifle in hand.                   

                   security guard                               

         (to cholo) drop it!                                    
cholo drops the poker and holds up his hands.




                   cholo                                        

         hey, no problem.                                       
two more security guards come through the apartment's front
door and rush into the kitchen.                                 

                   cholo (cont'd)                               

         no problem, no problem! but there                      
         is a problem. there's a dead guy                       

                                                                

         walkin' around in here.



the hanged man appears without warning, attacking one of the    

                                                                

guards who just entered, biting off half his left cheek,
including the eye.                                              




                                                                

before his partner can raise his gun, the woman grabs it from
him! aims at the hanged man.                                    




                                                                


                   woman


         you selfish bastard! you left me                       


         alone here!                                            

she fumbles with the weapon, not knowing how to make it work.   




                                                                

the bitten security guard starts to lose all strength in his
legs. the dead thing holds him up, as if waltzing with him,     
biting him again and again.                                     
cholo takes the gun from the woman and shoots the hanged man.




                   bitten security guard                        

         i need help. i need help!



cholo kills the bitten security guard, too.                     

                   surviving security guard                     

         you...fuck!



cholo turns the gun on the surviving security guard.            

                    cholo

         you wanna talk about this? i did                       
         what i had to do. i only did what i                    
         had to do!




                        r














     t








     r














     r














                                                                     














                                                                     














                                                           25.











