      int. fiddler's green parking garage - night


140                                                             140

      footsteps echo as knipp, carrying one of the prada duffles,
      helps the wounded kaufman across an underground parking         
      garage, a dark and spooky place, made more so by the sounds
      of distant screaming. kaufman disdainfully snaps off the        
      shanks of the arrows in his leg and shoulder.                   
      the two men reach a stretch lincoln. knipp beeps the doors
      open and they get inside, knipp behind the wheel, kaufman in
      the luxurious back compartment, where he pours himself a
      scotch from the built-in bar.



      knipp starts the engine. the sound echoes big-time in the
      concrete tomb.




                          nipp

               (looking at the fuel gauge) we
                eed gas.



      kaufman moans. knipp steers the car slowly, carefully through
      the shadows, pulling in beside a gasoline pump near the base
      of a ramp that leads up to the street. knipp pushes a button
      that pops open the gas tank. he shuts the engine off and gets
      out, taking the keys, which have a mag-card attached to them.

      h

       e slides the mag-card into a slot, activating the pump. an
      led scrolls "thank you, mr. kaufman". knipp pulls the nozzle.
      freezes when he hears...



      ...footsteps echoing. a dark figure is approaching through
      the shadows.



       nipp drops the nozzle. ducks into the car. slams the door.



      wham! a single hand smacks against the driver-side window.



      a face leans in behind the hand. a face full of rage. big

      daddy's face.





                          aufman

               shoot it! shoot the damn thing!




         l














         l














                                                      83.











                   knipp

         you didn't gimme no gun, sir.



big daddy moves to one of the rear windows. he can't see        
inside. the window is tinted. he returns to the clear           
windshield, looks back, at an angle, and sees kaufman in the
rear compartment. big daddy recognizes him. from upstairs.      
it's the man who shot him.                                      
the dead thing looks up. sees the gasoline pump. his hand       
drops to the embroidery on its jump-suit..."texaco". he moves   
deliberately toward the pump.




                   kaufman

         pull out! pull out!

                   k


                    nipp

         sorry, sir. keys are in the pump.



big daddy sees the nozzle on the cement. picks it up, feeling
the familiarity of it. pulls the trigger. gasoline squirts.
the rage in his face turns to a kind of satisfaction.           




                                                                

using the nozzle as he did the pneumatic hammer, big daddy
pounds on the windshield, three times, before the safety
glass cobwebs. he pokes the nozzle through the flexible         
fabric and pulls the trigger until it locks. gasoline floods
into the car.




                   knipp (cont'd)

          ord!



tchung! big daddy pulls the driver side door open. as knipp
tries to run, he is grabbed by big daddy.




                   knipp (cont'd)


          ord!




big daddy looks at the butler. sniffs him. then flings him
aside. knipp is not his prey. with a glance at kaufman,
cowering in the back seat, big daddy slams the car door and,
surprisingly, walks away. up the ramp toward the street.



the nozzle remains stuck in the "fabric" of the windshield.
gasoline continues to flow into the car. kaufman crawls into
the front seat, wincing from his wounds, and kicks the nozzle
out of the window with his good leg, getting soaked with gas
in the process. he opens the door. limps to the pump. grabs
the keys. as he starts back toward the car...



...wham! something is standing right in front of him. it's
one of the walking dead. it's...




1














1














         t














         k














         k














                                                                84.











         ...cholo.




          aufman shakes his head in disbelief.




                               kaufman

                     n-no, y-you're dead. (realization
                     dawning) oh my god. you're dead!



         the cholo thing reaches for kaufman, vengeance in its eyes.



           aufman breaks for the driver's door. he never makes it. the
         cholo thing grabs him and slams him down across the hood.
         leans over him. opens a drooling mouth. kaufman whimpers.

         b                                                               

          rrrumble-umble-umble! the sound of a bowling ball.



         kaufman looks up. it's not a bowling ball. it's an oil pot,
         rolled down the ramp by big daddy. kaufman screams. the fire
         ball approaches the gas-soaked lincoln, the gas-soaked
         kaufman, and...



         ...whooomph! kaufman and the cholo thing are immolated. the
         fireball removes everything from sight, except a few floating
         hundred dollar bills, burning in mid-air.



          hrough licks of flame we see...big daddy is almost smiling.




