     ext. depot - night


51                                                            51

     the walking dead march through machine gun fire behind their     
     "leader". big daddy. he is the first to reach the fence          
     surrounding the lot. pushing against the wire, he is soon        
     joined by number nine. then others. the fence collapses. the
     dead things swarm into the depot.



     vrooom! dead reckoning pulls out. rumbling over the section      
     of fencing the zombies pushed down, it drives into the night.    




              k














                                                                      














                                                             38.










     soldiers abandon their stations and scatter, shooting wildly.    
     number nine knocks one of them cold with its baseball bat.       
     the soldier falls, losing his m-16. big daddy grabs the bat      
     and throws it aside. picking up the soldier's m-16, he           
     presses the weapon into number nine's hands, even arranging      
     number nine's fingers on the trigger.                            
     ratatatat. with the gun aimed at the ground, number nine         
     fires a burst that sends her into a spastic dance. the           
     soldier sits back up. draws a pistol. big daddy grabs the        
     barrel of the still-firing m-16 and guides it along the          
     pavement to...                                                   
     ...the soldier's legs. bullets march up his groin, belly,
     chest, and, finally, head. he drops.                             
     another soldier attacks. this time, number nine aims her

                                                                      

     weapon purposefully and scores a direct hit.



     other dead things smack at the steel doors that lead down to     

                                                                      

     the subway. they can't get through. losing interest, they
     drift slowly away, until their attention is refocused by...      




                                                                      

     ...a grunt from big daddy, who is gazing toward the glow of
     the fiddler's green high-rise across the river, closer now       
     than before. the city. that's where he wants to be. that's       

                                                                      

     where he's determined to go.




