ext. desert clearing - night

kay and dee lead their captive into a clearing in the desert brush. dee
pulls an enormous handgun from a shoulder holster and stays a pace or two
off, covering him. kay has an arm draped around the man's shoulders.

				kay
		i think you jumped off the bus in the wrong
		part of town, amigo. in fact, i'll bet
		dollars to pesos that you're not --

he pulls out a small laser device, which he zips neatly down the front of
the man's clothes.

				kay (cont'd)
		-- from anywhere near here.

the man's clothes fall to the ground, revealing what he really is
underneath -- a scaly space bastard, about four-and-a-half feet tall, with
a snouth, snail-like tentacles, and independently moving eyes on stalks at
the top of his head.

the only part of his camouflage not crumpled to the ground is the
humanesque "head," which he still lamely holds in one of his hands. it's
propped up by a stick, like a puppet, and it continues to make expressions
as he holds it.

				kay (cont'd)
		mikey?! when did they let you out of jail?

mikey replies -- an unfathomable combination of grunts, squeaks, and
saliva.

				kay (cont'd)
		political refugee. right.

				dee
		you know how many treaty articles you've
		just violated?

mikey makes a lame squeak.

				kay
		one, my ass. try seven.

				dee
		from unauthorized immigration to failure to
		properly inoculate prior to landing.

				kay
			(off mikey's objections)
		okay, that's enough. hand me your head and
		put up your arms.

from behind mikey, they hear a terrified gasp.

kay and dee both look over quickly. one of the alien's eyes, on a tall
stalk, whips around too. all three of them see agent janus, standing just
over the rise, staring in frozen amazement.

				kay (cont'd)
		ah, shit.

agent janus screams. mikey rips free of the rest of the "mexican"
disguise, knocks dee out of the way, and takes off straight at janus,
screeching a horrible space bastard screech. janus freezes, terrified.

				kay (cont'd)
		dee! shoot him!

dee struggles to roll over and change the controls on his gun, which fell
out of his hand as he hit the ground.

				kay (cont'd)
		dee, for christ's --

mikey keeps moving, covering the last few yards to janus quickly. he steps
on a rock, launches himself into the air, his dripping jaws cranked wide
open --

-- there is a sizzling sound, a brilliant white flash --

-- and mikey erupts in a geyser of blue goo that splatters all over the
ground, the trees, and agent janus' face. behind where mikey was, kay
stands, smoking weapon in hand.

