int. mib building -- shooting gallery -- day

seven weapons rest on a table in the middle of an otherwise empty,
triangular room. the seven recruits stand in front of the table.

there's an odd moment -- where everyone sort of looks around: at each
other, at the blank walls...

				edwards
		anyone, uh...any of you guys know what we're
		doing here?

				marine
			(clipped, unquestioning)
		looking for the best of the best of the best.

				edwards
			(can't help but smile)
		well, yeah, i know, but...

and then .. suddenly --

the two far walls pull apart. the whole room pulsates and the air is
suddenly filled with a bewildering swirl of stroboscopic images, both
human and alien. everywhere is color, light and movement -- a holographic
mass of strange shapes and characters moving simultaneously.

the recruits lunge for the weapons, snapping them up and taking aim. six
shots are fired at once. and then, a second later, a seventh shot is
fired. everyone sort of looks at edwards, who puts his gun down last.

there's an awkward silence. then the door opens. light pours in, and zed
with it. even the highly competitive cadets can't help but feel some
sympathy as zed walks straight to edwards.

				zed
		the hell happened?

				edwards
		hesitated, sir.

zed looks into the gallery. most obvious in the frozen tableau of
creatures is a lunging, snarling beast, which has three bullet holes in
its chest. next to it is a massively deformed humanoid creature with a
large hook for a head, which also has three holes in it. in the back
corner of the gallery, there is a single bullet hole in a pretty
eight-year-old girl.

				zed
		may i ask why you felt little tiffany
		deserved to die?

				edwards
		she was the only one who actually seemed
		dangerous. at the time.

				zed
		and how did you come to that conclusion?

				edwards
		hook-head guy. you explain to me how he can
		think with a hook for a head. answer; it's
		not his head. his head is that butt-ugly
		bean-bag thing over there. 'cause if you
		look at the snarling beast-guy, he's not
		snarling, he's sneezing -- he's got tissues
		in his hand. no threat there, and anyhow,
		the girl's books were way too advanced for
		an eight-year-old's. and besides, from
		where i'm looking, she was the only one who
		appeared to have a motive. and i don't
		appreciate your jumping down my throat about
		it.

sideways glances from the other recruits. zed sighs.

				edwards (cont'd)
		or, uh -- do i owe her an apology?

								cut to:

