ext. the nearby busy manhattan street - dusk

edgar, with laurel, runs right in front of a cab, which screeches to a
halt inches from them. the cabbie sticks his head out and yells something
in an unknown language. and keeps yelling as --

edgar reaches through the passenger side and pulls the cabbie out the door
(cigarette and wooden seat-beads and all).

the cab driver is still yelling as edgar leaps in, pushing laurel in
before him, leaving her behind the wheel.

he removes a postcard -- the one he took from the display on the
newsstand.

				edgar
		take me here.

				laurel
		what???

edgar just cranks the car into gear -- opening his mouth and swallowing
the icon -- and in so doing revealing a triple row of serrated bug-teeth,
he slams his foot on the gas pedal.

laurel's head snaps back as the car rocks forward. she has no choice, but
to grab the wheel and start steering as --

the car screeches out into traffic, swerving wildly as laurel is forced to
make a 90-degree turn. the car fishtails wildly, swiping an oncoming car
as it straightens and heads into the traffic.

the furious cab driver runs off after it, still yelling as he disappears
around the corner.

a second later, kay and jay rush out into the street. the cab is nowhere
to be seen. jay runs into the street, noticing the wooden beads, the
ripped pine-scented green deodorizer, and the still-burning cigarette.

				jay
		they're in a cab.

and jay starts running down the street, where dozens of cabs are waiting
at the intersection.  he's running from cab to cab, pounding on windows,
scaring the living shit out of people --

				jay
		hey! laurel!? hey!

-- but laurel and edgar are nowhere to be found. up ahead the light turns
green and the tide of taxis wash away, leaving jay on the street. he turns
as a car screeches up behind him, its headlights shining in his eyes. as
it gets closer, jay sees it's kay in the ltd.

				kay
		stop wasting time. he's not getting off the
		planet in a cab.

								cut to:

