angle on  the homeless.  he mutters  something, and  reaches into  his
shopping cart to  open a garbage  bag. it’s filled  with twenty dollar
bills, thousands of them.

                                 neo

                      "how ‘bout a quarter mil?"

the homeless  man is  astounded. as  he stands,  speechless, neo fades
back into the crowd.


ext. forest glade

smith and gregory fight in the glade. smith is always one step  ahead.
he is a cruel  sensei, and doesn’t pull  punches. but with every  blow
gregory takes, he rebounds and attacks again.

finally, just as  he seems to  be gaining on  smith, he takes  a rapid
fire series  of blows,  and collapses  to the  ground, breathless  and
beaten.

                               gregory

                               "fuck."

                          smith circles him.

                                smith

 "pain is only weakness leaving your body. when you are sufficiently
                   strong, you will feel no pain."

                               gregory

   "tell me about what is happening. what’s wrong with the world?"

                                smith

                         "get up and fight."

gregory gets to his feet and takes a stance. smith stares at him  from
a relaxed poise. he slaps at gregory, who deflects the blow and  takes
a jab, nearly hitting smith on the chin. they circle.

                                smith

                     "the world is not for you."

              he slaps, has it deflected, dodges a blow.

                               gregory

                         "what do you mean?"

                                smith

 "you’re not human, gregory. that’s why you don’t fit in. that’s why
                      you have certain powers."

    gregory takes a swipe. they engage, then push off one another.

                               gregory

                  "what, am i from planet krypton?"

                                smith

  "not quite. but as humans continue to evolve, some are developing
    capabilities beyond those of the average man. reality-altering
 abilities. i have them. others in the agency have them. and you have
    them, too. we’re all that stands between law and order, and a
       terrorist dictatorship lead by the one called morpheus."

                   they stop fighting for a moment.

                                smith

   "we need you to stop the terror. we need you to save our world."



             it sinks in. gregory is starting to believe.

                                smith

   "we need you, because you’re better than me. now push past your
 abilities. you can turn you imagination into reality. see your hands
        striking me, see yourself overcoming me. fight, boy!"

smith comes at him, and gregory responds. their fists and kicks are  a
fast, then turn  into a blur.  gregory can’t believe  his own actions.
smith misses  a block,  and gregory  blows him  backward with  a chest
punch.

smith, recovering, looks up. gregory looks around. chandra is gone.

                               gregory

                           "where is she?"

smith stands. from behind his back he produces a baseball sized  glass
ball. he tosses it to gregory.

                                smith

                               "here."

gregory looks in the ball.  it’s a window to an  apartment overlooking
the city. chandra is in bed, waking up.

                                smith

    "she doesn’t remember our encounter. she’s fine. don’t worry."

                         the ball disappears.

                 smith puts his hand to his earpiece.


int. office building

agent brown is staring down at  the ground. across the street, neo  is
walking toward his building.

                                brown

                             "he’s back."


ext. forest glade

                                smith

              "i’ll be there. execute the defense plan."

                       smith turns to gregory.

                                smith

 "come with me. but only watch. you’re not ready to engage in a fight
                           with the enemy."

                               gregory

                              "why not?"

                                smith

   "because if you haven’t defeated me yet, you won’t defeat them."

                       smith snaps his fingers.


ext. rooftop

gregory  finds  himself  alone  on  the  top  of  the  makarao  hotel,
overlooking metacortex plaza.


ext. street

the metacortex building stands across  the street. neo has been  along
this road a thousand times, but in another lifetime.

neo raises one hand, palm pointed toward the building.

cut to:  neo’s  pov:  the  building  is  a  massive  tower of  glowing
shimmering energy, no more real than a three-dimensional polygon.


ext. building rooftop

morpheus and niobe  stand atop a  building a few  blocks away, looking
toward the metacortex building.

                             angle on neo

he fixes his gaze on the building, then lowers his head and closes his
eyes.

the building tremors slightly, like  a heat mirage. slowly, it  starts
moving downward.

angle on: the first  level. the exterior glass  disappears, vaporizing
in a million crystal shards that melt into the air, exposing the  hive
of office cubicles and corridors within.

the walls, desks and cubicles vaporize, leaving a few hundred  people
- office  workers, security,  maintenance men,  standing with  nothing
between them.

              the massive load bearing members vaporize.

cut to: the bottom of the building. one can look straight through  the
entire  building.  we go  through  the empty  building,  passing dazed
people, until we pass out the other side, and come to neo.

he looks up. the office  building is supported by nothing.  slowly, it
descends on the stunned people. they rush, screaming, some laughing in
hysteria, before the ceiling can come down on them. the last few  flee
just before  the ceiling  touches the  ground. the  second floor melts
away just like the first.


ext. building rooftop

niobe and morpheus  stare on in  amazement as the  building collapses,
floor by floor.

                                niobe

                           "he’s doing it."

                               morpheus

                             "i knew it."


ext. street

choi and  trinity look  up in  the air  at the  roof of the metacortex
building, standing beyond  a block of  buildings. it sinks  toward the
ground as a flood of people come screaming around the corner.

                                 choi

                       "it can’t be this easy."

                               trinity

                         "it’s not over yet."



                          man’s voice (o.s.)

                        "not by a long shot."

cu: trinity’s face. someone plants the barrel of a silver desert eagle
.45 against her temple. trinity  whips her head backward as  it fires.
we drop into bullet time as the flame and concussion blossoms in front
of her face, ripping her sunglasses off as she drops backward, pulling
a pair of mac-10 uzis from under her jacket.

                the man’s voice belongs to agent brown

choi turns,  pulling a  short weapon  from under  his coat. it’s boxy,
with a short barrel the size of a soda can. he plants it in the  small
of brown’s back and pulls the trigger.

a cone  of fire  burns straight  through brown,  blowing steam, flame,
smoke, vertebrae, and viscera out a massive hole in his stomach.

cu on the weapon. it recoils on tension coils, discharging a shell the
size of a 12-ounce soda can.

                              real time

what remains  of brown  flies forward.  choi helps  trinity up and the
retreat into the building and  take cover under a window.  through the
window, we see military trucks, filled with troops, charging down  the
street, toward the metacortex  plaza. after the trucks  come rumbling,
black-painted m1a2 abrams tanks. a black apache helicopter flies  over
the convoy.

choi looks through the window as he reloads his hand cannon.

                                 choi

                         "holy fucking shit."

                               trinity

              "we’ve stirred up the hornet’s nest now."


int. metacortex office

agent smith and jones stare  down into the plaza. the  building shakes
slightly as it descends.

from the three  streets that enter  the plaza, military  vehicles pour
in. hundreds  of troops  discharge and  form a  l-shaped circle around
neo. tanks  rumble in,  and the  apaches whirl  to a  hover. panicking
civilians rush out of the kill zone.

neo stands calmly, continuing his work.


ext. rooftop

morpheus and niobe stare from the rooftop.


ext. metacortex plaza

the air rumbles as the building continues to gently collapse. the  sky
flashes, and massive streaks of  lighting blast across it like  cracks
in reality.

cu: soldiers

           they line their weapons on neo. they are nervous

                               private

                "this is impossible. what’s going on?"

                               sergeant

               "just keep him in your sites, soldier."


int. tank turret

                           cu: tank gunner

his eye is glued to the tank  site and his trigger finger on the  fire
button.

                            pov: tank site

               the green crosshairs sit on neo’s chest.

                               cu: neo

his eyes open, but the building continues to collapse. he stares up at
a mirrored window, and somehow, straight into the eyes of:

                           cu: agent smith

                                smith

                             "open fire."

a wall of flame and fingers of tracers bursts from the skirmish lines.
the tracers grow into a cone of orange flame bearing down on neo as we
drop into bullet time.

the bullets sizzle  as tracers burn  off their backs.  the draw toward
him like  slugs. thousands  of bullets  fired at  perpendicular angles
close  in on  him. as  they draw  close to  one another  along almost
perpendicular paths, they tinkle and chime and bounce.

the bullets come to a stop, glowing as their tracers backs continue to
burn.  the world  is in  stop motion  as the  bullets stop,  turn 180
degrees, and  suddenly accelerate  back at  their origins.  faster and
fast they fly, until we drop back into real time.

the skirmish line  of troops is  ripped apart by  a hail of  their own
bullets.

cu: machine gunner. with an m-249 saw, he blazes away at neo, only  to
be shredded by his own bullets. a  private takes a shot at neo, and  a
bullet slaps into his  shoulder. realizing what’s happening,  he drops
his weapon.

the soldiers are dropping like flies. the firing quickly subsides.

neo stands  alone in  the center,  unharmed. he  turns to the skirmish
lines.  the  surviving soldiers  drop  their weapons,  and  run. panic
ensues. only a few officers, ncos, and soldiers too amazed to think of
running remain.


int. helicopter cockpit

                  neo is targeted on an lcd screen.

                                pilot

                              "fox one."


ext. helicopter wing

              cu: agm-65 hellfire ground-to-air-missile

the missile drops from its release claws and ignites, accelerating off
screen.

                        pov: hellfire nose cam

the missile flies  horizontally over the  plaza, then pitches  up, and
back down at neo. he looks at it, and at the last second the nose goes
back up.


ext. plaza

the missile swoops up over him, leaving him in its exhaust smoke.

                        pov: hellfire nose cam

the missile banks,  panning across the  city, until it  locks onto the
helicopter from which it originated.


int. helicopter cockpit

the missile bears down the chopper.

cu: pilot

he’s too stunned to move. mouth agape, he can only watch as:


ext. helicopter

it’s blown to  fiery pieces, and  comes tumbling down,  landing on the
street as soldiers and civilians flee.


int. tank turret

                            tank commander

                               "fire!"

                    the gunner pulls the trigger.


ext. m1a2 abrams

