     ext.  windmill -- night

     the rotor is halfway to its lowest point.  masbath, katrina
     and ichabod hang on as the entire structure trembles.

     boom -- flames shoot out the windows, doors and seams,
     lighting up the night.

     on the rattling rotor, ichabod struggles to hold the frame
     with one hand and keep a grip on katrina.

     masbath drops.  ichabod releases katrina, then drops.

     they hit the ground.  ichabod rolls, gasping, holding his
     shoulder.  they all look at each other in disbelief a moment.
     ichabod lets out a sort of rasping laugh, standing.

                             ichabod 
               okay... come on...

     ichabod ushers them across the field, uphill.  running.
     lightning flashes across the sky.  thunder rumbles.

     a bolt strikes the windmill, and it explodes...

     shockwave deafening.  the rotors bust apart.  splinters of
     burning wood spin all directions.

     across the field, ichabod, katrina and young masbath keep
     running.  there is a wooden cart parked ahead.

     in the windmill rubble, the horseman rises, shoving off
     burning debris.  his flame-ravaged uniform smolders.

     across the field, ichabod stumbles onwards, but notices
     something horrible...

     in the distance, lady van tassel's white horse roams free.

                             ichabod
                     (as this registers)
               oh, no...

     young masbath and katrina are just past the cart when lady
     van tassel rises from behind it, swings a plank...

     slams ichabod in the chest and sends him down.

     lady van tassel grabs katrina's hair, drags her.

                             lady van tassel
               should have stayed away, constable.

     ichabod gets up slow, furious, reaches to his holster, only
     to find it empty.  he moves forward.

                             lady van tassel
               keep back, or i kill her.

     she takes out scissors, holds them to katrina's neck.
     katrina ceases struggling.

     ichabod keeps masbath behind him, keeps his distance.  lady
     van tassel shoots a glance...

                             lady van tassel
               see him...

     par off, the horseman strides from the wreckage.

                             lady van tassel
               you cannot kill what is already dead.

                             ichabod
               let her go!

                             lady van tassel
               yes... yes.  i think i will...

     lady van tassel spins and throws katrina in the cart, shoving
     against it.

                             ichabod
               no!

     the cart rolls downhill.  ichabod moves forward.

     lady van tassel turns, brandishing the scissors, slashing and
     missing.  ichabod backs off.

     downhill, the cart picks up speed, headed for the horseman.

     the horseman starts running to meet it.

     uphill, lady van tassel grins.

                             lady van tassel 
               say goodbye to her.

     lady van tassel lunges, stabbing.  ichabod avoids, puts all
     his fury behind his fist -- punches her in the face.

     lady van tassel hits the ground and her bag falls open,
     sending the horseman's skull rolling out...

     the skull rolls... rolls... landing far away.

     downhill, katrina leaps out from the cart...

     she lands hard...

     the horseman shoves the empty cart aside, still on the move.

     uphill, ichabod sees the skull.  he runs towards it.

     lady van tassel grabs ichabod by the ankle.  he falls.

     downhill, katrina runs back.  the horseman is catching up.

     uphill, ichabod tries to pull f ree from lady van tassel.

     young masbath comes behind her - bam - hits her in the head
     with the wooden plank.  she's out.

     ichabod scrambles to his feet.

     downhill, the horseman catches katrina, taking her by the
     hair as she falls to her knees and screams.

     uphill, ichabod runs... grasps the horseman's skull.

     he runs towards the horseman and katrina.

     downhill, katrina struggles, but the horseman holds her ready
     by her hair... raises his sword...

     uphill, ichabod throws the skull...

                             ichabod 
               horseman!

     the skull spins through the air...

     the horseman drops katrina, reaches up...

     catches the skull.

     katrina runs.

     ichabod runs to meet her, grabs her as she falls, exhausted.
     together, they back away from the horseman.

     the horseman holds the skull out, then brings it to his
     shoulders, to its rightful place.  thunder pounds.

     transformation begins -- blood and flesh rise up from the
     horseman's throat and grip the skull.

     young masbath drops the plank, watching in awe.

     the horseman's reformation continues.  muscle forms.  liquids
     become solids.  he is made whole once more, the same evil,
     human face we saw in baltus' stories.

     he looks to ichabod and katrina, touches his restored face.

     daredevil rides up, screeching.  the horseman replaces his
     sward and climbs into the saddle.

     he rides towards katrina and ichabod, but passes them by.
     they are so exhausted they fall down.

     young masbath backs up as the horseman comes, but the
     horseman does not want him either.

     the horseman leans to grab lady van tassel's unconscious
     form, pulls her up across daredevil's back.

     he rides away with her.

     ichabod and katrina watch him go.  they look at each other,
     then kiss gratefully.

     ichabod looks to young masbath.

                             ichabod 
               how are you?

                             young masbath 
               tired.

     ichabod smiles and holds out his arm.  masbath comes over.
     group hug.  lightning brightens the farmland around them.


