     ext.  western woods -- day

     the lenape indian hangs dead in a tree, lynched.  townsfolk
     are gathered.  ichabod makes his way through, followed by
     young masbath, looking up.

                             brom (o.s.)
               we do not need you, constable...

     brom strides towards ichabod from a group of men spreading a
     sheet under the tree.  van ripper's there.

                             brom
               the men who did this have been taken.
               we do not need you here.

     brom points to where two filthy men in chains sit in a
     horse-drawn cart.  an armed man guards them.

                             one filthy man 
               you should thank us.  the killings
               will end.  we saved you all!

     the armed man shoves the filthy man to shut him up.

                             brom 
               they spend two days in chains.

                             ichabod 
               two days... ?  for murder?

                             father steenwyck 
               for poaching.  or, would you remake
               our laws now that magistrate philipse
               has given up the ghost?

                             ichabod 
               does that look like an animal hanging?

                             brom 
               looks like an indian.

     van ripper cuts the noose rope at the trunk.  the lenape
     corpse free falls, landing hard.

     the lenape lies in a heap on the sheet.  van ripper and
     others come to lift the sheet with the lenape in the middle.
     ichabod watches, noticing...

     the lenape wears a woven piece of reed grass a cord on his
     loin cloth, twisted in a pattern.

                             ichabod 
               wait.  give me a moment...

     ichabod kneels.  he removes the woven piece, looking across
     the diseased lenape's body.  something else...

     the lenape's mouth is agape; teeth rotting.  ichabod looks
     around, finds a twig.  he uses it to pull the lenape's mouth
     open... gets close to peer inside the lenape's mouth.


