     ext.  western woods (time cut) -- night

     horses are tied.  ichabod is seated against a tree.  a
     campfire burns.  young masbath lies on a blanket, rifle cross
     his chest, staring to treetops.

     leaves and branches shift in the wind.  bats fly wildly.

                             young masbath 
               what does it mean... climb down to
               the horseman's soulless place?

                             ichabod 
               "let loose his silent shrieking."
               who knows, till we work at it?  i
               admit not being anxious to find out.
                     (pause) 
               "he who holds the horseman's desire
               will guide his reaping hand."
               whatever the horseman's desire is,
               other than extinguishing lives.

     a snapping branch.  ichabod raises his pistol.

                             ichabod
                     (to young masbath) 
               do not move.

     ichabod rises.  he creeps forward, pistol and lantern
     forward.  foliage is thick.  crunching leaves are heard.

     ichabod crouches, puts down the lantern and picks up a
     branch.  he tosses the branch to the foliage...

     some animal darts away, a running blur.

     ichabod rises, following with his pistol.

     another angle, moving p.o.v.: low to the ground,
     moving swiftly at ichabod...

     ichabod spins, blindsided.

     young masbath fires his rifle -- crack!!

     the animal is knocked down mid-leap, yelping...

     the beast lands, a mass of grey fur.

     ichabod comes to stare down.  young masbath arrives.  they
     both look to the beast, horrified.

     the creature lies helplessly spastic; a two-headed wolf, with
     one head blown open to brain and gore.  its living head
     lifts, mewing sadly, eyes pleading.

     ichabod step up with pistol.  fires.  mewing stops.

                             ichabod
               what god-forsaken hell is this?

     ichabod swallows back sickness, looking away.  something
     catches his eye.

                             ichabod
               christ...

     through the forest: the sky's lit up.  distant fire.

