     ext.  the long straight road -- night

     the coach hits the long straight road, away from the house.

     katrina and masbath hold on as the coach shakes violently.

                             katrina
               where are we going?

                             ichabod
               i do not know.  away.

                             young masbath
               here he comes!

     behind, the horseman can be seen on the forest bordered road.
     closing fast.  breakneck pace.

                             ichabod
               we might make it to the church.

     masbath takes a lantern, crawls back to the roof.

                             katrina
               masbath... !

     he ignores, reaching the rear of the coach and throwing the
     lantern at the horseman.  it smashes on the trail.

                             ichabod
               damn it, boy, get back here!

     young masbath slides back.  katrina helps him.

                             young masbath
               what can we do?

                             ichabod
               take the reins.

     young masbath takes them.  ichabod slings van ripper's rifle
     over his shoulder and starts back.  katrina grips him.

                             ichabod
               masbath is right.  we must do something.

     she releases.  ichabod gets to the luggage area at the rear,
     struggling to open a storage box.

     behind, the horseman draws his sword, closer.

     ichabod opens the box, hefting out a long, jagged saw.

                             katrina
               ichabod!

     ichabod looks.  the horseman rides up, swinging...

     ichabod recoils -- thwack -- just missed by sword.

     the horseman lets the coach get ahead, shifting to the
     other side of the trail... coming along side.

     ichabod backpedals, looking to masbath.

                             ichabod
               keep him off!  block him!

     masbath guides the horses over.  the horseman must fall
     behind to avoid the wheels.

     the coach hits a large, fallen tree trunk.

     ichabod bounces, falling...

     he hangs off the side of the coach.

     katrina climbs to offer her hand.  ichabod offers the saw.

                             ichabod
               take it!

     katrina takes the saw.  now with both hands, ichabod tries
     for better purchase.  he grips the coach door.  it opens...

     ichabod clings to the open door as branches slam him.

     he's reaching to the coach threshold, reaching...

     ichabod pulls himself inside.

     boom -- the door hits a tree trunk, bashed to pieces.

     ichabod looks out from the coach, dazed.  he climbs.

     katrina looks back as young masbath guides the coach to block
     the horseman again.

     the horseman sheaths his sword, riding... reaching to grip
     the back corner of the coach.

     the horseman dismounts, clinging, climbing...

     ichabod takes the rifle off his shoulder, aiming...

     bang! -- splattering the horseman's hand point blank.  the
     horseman hangs on with his other hand.

     the horseman re-grips with the blasted hand, amazing since
     it's now all mush and bone.

     ichabod throws the rifle on his way to the driver's perch,
     taking the saw from katrina.

                             ichabod 
               move forward!

     katrina looks to the horses, then at ichabod.

                             ichabod
               go!

     ichabod takes the reins from young masbath.

                             ichabod 
               help her.

     reins in one hand and saw in the other, ichabod waits.  the
     horseman rises up and moves in, taking out his sword.

     young masbath climbs down to the wooden pole connecting the
     coach to the bridles, puts out his hand.  katrina takes it.

     behind, the horseman swings.  ichabod blocks with the saw.

     young masbath guides katrina as she leaps onto one horse.
     bareback.  young masbath straddles the horse beside her.

     the horseman swings, backhanded knocks the sword from
     ichabod's hand as ichabod falls back...

     ichabod hits the bridle post, hanging onto straps for dear
     life.  his feet drag on the trail.

     above, the horseman comes to the driver's perch, close enough
     to kill katrina.  he raises his sword...

     katrina screams, ducking, helpless...

     below, ichabod pulls a bolt from the coach's hitching-rod.

     he shoves off with his feet.

     the horseman swings.... missing.

     the horses detach from the coach, dragging ichabod along.

     the coach careens out of control.

     it flies off the trail, hits an incline and sails off,
     throwing the horseman.

     the coach hits a tree trunk and smashes.

     further down the trail, the coach horses stop.  young masbath
     and katrina climb off as ichabod gets to his feet, hurting,
     clutching his previously wounded shoulder.

                             young masbath
               what now?

                             ichabod
               i doubt that's the end.

                             katrina
               the church.

                             ichabod
               he moves too fast.

     ichabod unhooks a lantern off the bridle rail.  the trail
     behind is silent, till a bone chilling screech is heard.

                             katrina
               what was that?

                             ichabod
               his horse.

     they start moving.  ichabod looks around.  he sees...

                             ichabod
               there...

     through the tree line, the hollow's massive windmill can be
     seen against the sky.  katrina and young masbath run.


