     ext.  philipse's farm -- dusk

     ichabod walks with philipse.  young masbath follows with the
     horses.  cicadas chatter from a vast corn field.

                             philipse 
               not more than a year ago, a mob hung
               a man for stealing a horse.  for
               stealing a horse!  and, you dig up
               our dead.

                             ichabod 
               are you saying i should be frightened?
               is this a message passed on from
               clergyman steenwyck?

     the cicadas suddenly go silent.  young masbath notices.

                             philipse 
               we are farmers here, not lawyers or
               bankers, or even constables.  every
               penny we earn comes from what we
               send down the hudson.

                             ichabod 
               i know it.

                             young masbath
               um.... excuse me, sirs...

                             philipse
                     (still to ichabod) 
               because of the horseman, our migrant
               workers flee for their lives.  there
               is a danger that our crops will rot.
               so, if you are going to help us, you
               stop the horseman.  that is your
               task... to kill an undead thing.

     young masbath looks to a fenced grazing area, worried.  the
     sheep there are agitated, all running one direction away.

                             ichabod
               listen to what you say....

                             philipse 
               no, you listen!  you may think we are
               a pack of superstitious dullards...

                             ichabod 
               at times i do.

                             young masbath 
               sirs... please!

                             philipse 
               what will it take for you to realize
               this is no laughing matter?

     the horses go crazy, braying and rearing.  the reins yank
     young masbath off his feet as the horses flee.

     ichabod and philipse look to masbath.  a sound is heard,
     distant: thundering hoofbeats.  wind kicks up.  hoofbeats
     seem to come from all directions.

     philipse looks to the corn field.  a flock of birds alights;
     a great sheet of black against the sky.

                             philipse
               oh my... oh my oh my oh my...

     philipse runs towards his house, past masbath.  hoofbeats are
     louder, closer.  ichabod faces the corn field.

     the field explodes open, stalks bending to make way as the
     headless horseman gallops into view atop daredevil.

     young masbath runs, following philipse.

     ichabod's stunned.  he looks down to draw his flintlock
     pistol, but the horseman blows by before he can raise it.  a
     blast of air knocks ichabod off his feet.

     the horseman chases masbath and philipse.

     ichabod follows.

     the horseman draws his sword.

     young masbath falls in the grass...

     daredevil's pounding hooves will certainly crush him.

     daredevil leaps over young masbath, continuing the charge.

     philipse has a long way to go before home.  he looks over his
     shoulder.  no way he'll make it.

     ichabod, running, watches philipse slow.

     philipse gathers all his courage and stops, turning.  the
     horseman is closing, sword held high.

     philipse raises his talisman.

                             ichabod 
               philipse!

     philipse holds the talisman up, trying to be fearless.  the
     horseman swings -- we hear the clank of sword on talisman...

     philipse's severed head spins.  his body falls and folds.

     ichabod runs past young masbath.

     the horseman halts just as ichabod reaches a point in front
     of dead philipse, aiming his pistol.  daredevil lets out a
     screechy cry.  the horseman rides toward ichabod.

     ichabod gets on one knee, trying to steady his pistol.  the
     horseman closes.  ichabod sweats bullets.  fires...

     the slug slams the horseman dead center -- bursts through and
     rends his uniform without slowing him.

     the horseman is almost on ichabod.  ichabod cringes, arms
     up... as the horseman passes.

     the horseman leans to skewer philipse's head with his sword.

     with the head as his prize, the horseman races away.

     ichabod gets up, watches the horseman head to the forest.
     ichabod looks to young masbath, finds his legs will not
     support him, falls, trembling.  thunder bellows.


