     ext.  riverbank -- day

     ichabod and brom stumble down a hillside.  brom points.

                             brom
               there...

     they run to a dock at the edge of a wide, rapid river.  they
     jump into a flat boat barge.

                             brom
               go to the front and guide it.

     ichabod goes.  brom uses a scythe to slash the ropes.

     ichabod picks up a guide pole.  the barge lurches, set free.

     ichabod struggles to push the boat out.  it moves swiftly,
     caught in rain swollen current.

     brom looks back.  no horseman.  he leaves the scythe and
     moves to the front, hefting another pole to help guide.

                             brom
               let's see him catch us now.

     ichabod looks to the shore.  horror.

                             ichabod
               look.

     lightning illuminates -- ahead, the horseman stands on the
     bank with axe and sword.  daredevil near.

                             brom 
               we'll pass right by the son of a bitch.

     ichabod and brom push with the poles, trying for speed.

     at the bank, the horseman walks directly to the water...

     just as he takes a step onto the water, the rain churned
     surface transforms -- instantly becoming a sheet of ice...

     spreading and supporting the horseman as he advances.

     ice shoots out ahead of him, towards a point in the river
     where it will intercept the barge.

                             brom
               my christ...

     the horseman's ice bridge engulfs the barge, halting it.

     ichabod and brom are thrown.  the barge is trapped.

     the horseman nears.

     brom runs to the rear to retrieve his scythe.  ichabod holds
     up the only weapon he has, his guide pole.

     the horseman steps on board.  ichabod swings.  the horseman's
     axe cracks the pole in half...

     the horseman thrusts with sword -- into ichabod's chest --
     clean through.  it sizzles as ichabod screams.

     the horseman lifts ichabod up, flips him, pulling the sword
     out as ichabod goes...

     smashing through the ice and under.

     underwater: water carries ichabod, slams him against ice
     above. he's pulled down by undertow.

     above water, beyond the edge of the ice bridge: ichabod comes
     up, gasping, choking on rain.

     he treads water, looking to the barge.

     ichabod's p.o.v. -- from the water

     aboard the barge, the horseman cuts brom down... stands over
     him, chopping with sword.  our view grows blurry, and...

     fades out/in

