     ext.  western woods, tree of the dead -- day

     raining still.  ichabod, masbath and katrina come into a
     clearing, mouths falling open at the sight of...

     a monstrously huge tree of the dead, at the clearing's
     center, with branches reaching far and wide, knotted and
     gross, like agony captured in wood sculpture.

     ichabod dismounts, crossing a line beyond which grass and
     weeds will not grow.  young masbath and katrina dismount.

                             young masbath
               you were right... it does draw
               attention to itself.

     ichabod stares up into the endless, dead canopy of branches.
     he circles the incredibly wide trunk.

     there's a vertical wound in the bark, as if the tree once had
     a terrible vertical in it, now partially healed and
     disgustingly scarred.  ichabod approaches.

     he feels the mushy scar, picking at its scabs till much sap
     begins to trickle. it is red and ichabod fingers it.

                             ichabod
               blood.

                             katrina
               what did you say?

     ichabod goes to where katrina and masbath wait with the
     horses, digs in a saddle bag for a hand axe.

                             young masbath
               what is it?

                             ichabod
               stay back.

     at the trunk, ichabod thumps the flat end of the axe against
     the suture.  it sounds hollow.  ichabod begins to chop.

     he pulls away loose bark.  the tree drips more blood and a
     clear goo.  ichabod uses both hands on the axe to hack at the
     festering suture.

                             katrina
               what are you doing?

                             ichabod
               just... keep where you are.

     ignoring, young masbath moves closer.  ichabod keeps
     chopping, then grips a large, loose flap of wood, trying to
     bend it.  it's not easy.  ichabod struggles.

     katrina follows masbath's slow advance.

     ichabod's pulling... the flap suddenly gives, revealing a
     blood-soaked, wide-eyed, gap-mouthed human head.

     ichabod recoils.  behind him, katrina stifles a scream,
     taking young masbath in her arms to keep him from looking.

     it is philipse's head, hanging off the trunk flap, held by
     roots grown around and into the flesh.

     ichabod reapproaches, back of his hand to his mouth.

     four other severed, decaying heads are held by ingrown roots
     within the dewy innards.

                             katrina 
               my god... what has happened?

                             ichabod 
               he... he tries to take the heads...
               they will not pass.

     he looks to the branches towering above.

                             ichabod 
               must be some sort of gateway.  but,
               why this place... ?

                             young masbath 
               we should go.

                             ichabod 
               why this tree?

     ichabod begins looking at the ground, moving around the tree.
     he gets to his knees, pushing mud away.

     uncovering a flush headstone carved with "666."

                             ichabod
                     (to himself) 
               "climb down to the horseman's
               soulless place."
                     (to masbath) 
               bring the shovel.


