     ext.  killian's farm -- day

     brom rides from the forest, charging across killian's field.

     at killian's house, daredevil rides up as the headless
     horseman walks out with his sack of heads.  the horseman ties
     the sack to the saddle and leaps up.

     brom puts his reins in his mouth, raising his rifle.

     the horseman heads away, past the barn, as brom gains.

     brom aims... fires!

     boom -- the slug explodes, blowing the horseman off
     daredevil.  daredevil keeps going.  the horseman's smoldering
     body is left "face down."

     brom halts his horse.  he climbs down, pleased.

     the horseman moves.

     brom backs away, satisfaction diminishing.

     the horseman gets on his knees.

     brom falls to one knee, begins reloading.  he fills the gun
     from his powder horn.

     the horseman stands, unsheathes his sword and turns.  the
     blast has blown apart his uniform at the chest and shoulder,
     exposing rotten flesh and maggot-infested muscle.

     brom readies his ramrod, jamming powder in the barrel.

     the horseman charges.

     brom stands, pulling out the ramrod.  the horseman is on him.
     brom swings the rifle, blocking.  sparks fly.

     the battle is on, with brom fending off the horseman's sword
     with the gun -- clank -- clank -- clank.

     across the field, ichabod and gunpowder break into the open.

     up the field, the horseman makes a backhanded swing.  brom
     goes down, his rifle sent flying.

     brom rolls to avoid as the horseman slashes.

     brom flees.  the horseman pulls and throws a knife...

     thwap -- the knife imbeds in brom's thigh.

     the horseman runs towards brom.

     ichabod closes in, pulling an unlit lantern off his saddle.

     brom tries to get up, bends to extract the knife.

     the horseman, mid-run, changes his sword grip, blade down.

     he plants one foot on brom's back, raising his sword, about
     to skewer...

     ichabod arrives full gallop, smashes the lantern into the
     horseman -- knocking the horseman off brom.

     at the edge of the forest, theodore and glen arrive on
     horseback.  they hold a moment, watching.

     brom runs, limping, to the barn, goal in sight: farm
     implements propped there.  brom grabs scythes with long
     curved blades, one in per hand.

     the horseman rises.

     ichabod turns gunpowder and leaps off, runs to brom.

     the horseman moves towards them, hefting a battle axe in his
     free hand.  ichabod steps up, pistol aimed, furious.

                             ichabod
               for what it's worth...

     fires -- the bullet rips through the horseman's stomach to
     reveal putrid innards as he keeps advancing.

     at the forest, theodore looks to glenn, turns and flees.

     brom steps up, scythes ready.  he and the horseman go at it.
     brom blocks axe and sword, catching and deflecting blows.

     at the forest, glenn follows theodore away.

     ichabod grabs a long handled sickle.

     brom swings the scythes.  the horseman avoids.

     ichabod moves to the side, looking for an opening.  he swings
     the sickle. the horseman blocks.

     the horseman battles both at once, catching blows...
     countering every strike, metal ringing.

     brom catches the horseman's sword in one scythe, holding it
     off.  catches the axe handle in the other scythe.

     the horseman flatfoot kicks brom's chest, sending him down.

     ichabod swings the sickle blade...

     hits the horseman, the blade embedding to the hilt.

     the horseman drops his axe and grasps the sickle, jerking...

     the sickle handle slams ichabod's, knocking him away.

     ichabod crawls, tries to shake off the blow.

     he looks up.  the horseman staggers, spastically trying to
     pull the blade from his body.

     brom limps to ichabod, yanks him to his feet.

                             brom
               we cannot win this.

     they head towards the forest.

     behind, the horseman extracts the sickle, throws it.  he
     strides after them, picks up his axe on the way.

