     ext.  western woods, tree of the dead -- later day

     rain.  young masbath's crouched, muddy, rifle across his
     knees.  he's watching the tree.

     behind him, katrina climbs out of the shallow grave near a
     pile of mud.  ichabod hands up the shovel.

                             katrina 
               masbath, we've found it.

     young masbath goes to the grave.  ichabod pulls at thick
     burlap cloth, straining as it comes away.

     ichabod looks down, disbelieving.

                             ichabod 
               it cannot be true.

     we see: roots have gripped the horseman's bones and tattered
     uniform.  the skeleton is all there -- except the skull.

                             ichabod 
               why is it every grave i open holds
               a new mystery inside?

                             katrina 
               the skull is gone.

                             ichabod 
               yes.  i did notice that, thank you.

     ichabod climbs out, weary in body and spirit.  lightning.
     thunder.  he stares at the bones.

                             ichabod 
               this is his silent shrieking... and
               his desire, to reclaim his head.

     ichabod turns, looking to the bordering forest.

                             ichabod 
               "he who holds fast the horseman's
               desire will guide his reaping hand." 
                     (pause) 
               someone controls the horseman.

                             katrina (o.s.) 
               ichabod!

     ichabod turns, looks...

     katrina and young masbath back away, because the roots in the
     grave are alive, further entwining around remains.

     ichabod spins to the twisted tree...

     the vertical suture seethes, pulling inwards... sucking
     philipse's head back in and closing, bubbling.

     ichabod bounds over grave dirt pile, hastening katrina and
     young masbath along as he flees.

     at the tree, the suture swells.

     ichabod, katrina and young masbath pass where their freaking
     horses are tied to a fallen trunk, heading for cover.

     a rumbling is heard from the twisted tree, which suddenly
     bursts wide, spitting smoldering cinders.

     at the tree line, ichabod, katrina and young masbath cower,
     looking back.

     from the tree wound, a glow brightens, till the headless
     horseman and daredevil explode into existence...

     they hit the ground running.

     ichabod watches the horseman ride away with bolts of
     lightning striking the ground behind.

     the horseman disappears in the forest.

                             ichabod
               his next victim is chosen!
                     (to masbath)
               give me distance, then guide her
               back to the hollow.

     ichabod runs towards the horses.

                             young masbath
               constable!

