     int.  cave home, lower cave -- day

     the old crone slumps, still with her back to ichabod.  she
     does not move.  wind howls through a hole/window.  rain.

     candles blow out.  ichabod stands, worried.

                             ichabod
               excuse me... um...

     she remains motionless.  the storm outside intensifies.

     we see the skin of the crone's wrists transform; swelling in
     the cuffs, hardening, cracking and bleeding.

     some thing ichabod cannot see.  he inches closer.

                             ichabod 
               are you alright... ?

     the crone turns, hideous, leaping erect -- a half-human,
     half-demon creature.  its black clawed hands reaching.

     ichabod recoils, crying out.

     chains on restraining cuffs yank the creature back.

     ichabod hits the floor, knocking over a table of bones.  the
     creature is chained, but still wants ichabod.  it screeches.

     the old crone's face seethes from transformation, eyes blood
     red, nostrils dripping, teeth now jagged.

                             creature/old crone 
               you seek the warrior bathed in
               blood... the headless horseman.

     ichabod slides back as far as possible while the creature
     claws the rock floor, yearning.

                             creature/old crone 
               follow the indian trail to where the
               sun dies.  follow to the tree of the
               dead.

     the creature pulls, testing the chains.  behind, the bolt
     holding the chains to the wall slips.  the wall cracks.

                             creature/old crone 
               climb down to the horseman's soulless
               place and let loose his silent
               shrieking.  do you hear?  do you hear?!

     ichabod nods, quaking, aghast.  he glances to the exit.

     the chain bolt gives more... coming loose...

                             creature/old crone 
               he who holds fast the horseman's
               desire will guide his reaping hand.
               catch hold of his desire.

     ichabod bolts for the door.  the creature howls, leaping...

     the chain bolt breaks...

     ichabod cries out, tackled to the floor...

     it is the old crone who landed on him.  she has returned to
     human form, semi-conscious.  ichabod shoves her off.

