     int.  van tassel house, ichabod's room -- night

     knocking is heard.  ichabod sleeps restlessly.

     ichabod's dream -- young ichabod's bedroom -- night

     thunder booms.  wind and pounding rain blast open a window.
     mother comes to it, then moves to comfort fearful young
     ichabod in bed.

                             mother's voice (v.o.)
               don't be afraid... don't be afraid.

     ichabod's dream -- young ichabod's home -- day

     a keyhole.  young ichabod's eye peers in...

     ichabod's dream -- p.o.v. through keyhole

     mother is kneeled before flour on the floor.  she draws
     patterns in it, whispering.  she blows the flour away.

     ichabod's dream -- young ichabod's home -- day

     the freakish woman (who argued with mother) walks towards the
     home, supported by a sad man.  she weeps, carrying something
     in a blanket.

     young ichabod comes a window, watching, scared.

     the freakish woman is so weak that she falls.  the blanket
     opens... the corpse of an infant tumbles to the dirt.  the
     freakish woman's wailing grows louder.

     ichabod's dream -- front of young ichabod's home -- night

     two men in black drag mother to a coach.  she looks back,
     fearful, pulled along.  a third man in black follows.

     young ichabod struggles as father restrains him.

                             young ichabod
               no... mother... no... !

     the third man peers back, a gray-haired, cotton mather-ish
     man with a villainous face.

                             freakish woman (v.o.)
               the night of the great storm, i saw
               her cross my windows.

     ichabod's dream -- courtroom -- day

     many people in the gallery.  the third man stands in front of
     the tearful freakish woman in the witness box.

                             third man
               you are certain it was she?

                             freakish woman
               in the lighting, i did see her.
                     (points)
               her.  lady crane...

     mother sits in shackles.

                             freakish woman
               i will never forget.  the next moment,
               i found my infant dead... with the
               blood welt on his breast.

     those in attendance cry out at this.  ichabod is seated
     beside father, eyes filled with tears.

     ichabod's dream -- young ichabod's room -- night

     as before, a storm rages.  ichabod is in mother's arms.

                             freakish woman (v.o.)
               the night of the great storm, i saw
               her cross my windows.

                             mother
               don't be afraid...

