ext. knoll

the assault team moving up the hill, barely visible in the heavy 
foliage, the team moves cautiously into defensive positions. holding. a 
moment later they continue up the hill, crawling.

on their stomachs, schaefer and ramirez clear the edge of the knoll, 
seeing below a guerrilla village, a huge, spreading palapa covering 
implacements dug into a hillside, descending to a winding stream bed 
below. 30 men, dressed in a mixture of jungle fatigues and civilian 
clothes, armed with ak-47 assault rifles move about the camp. a heavy 
machine gun emplacement guards the entrance to the camp. two men sit in 
the camouflaged emplacement.


schaefer

sweeping the camp with binoculars, sees a guard above the camp. one of 
the man picks up a hand-held rocket launcher, placing it beside a 
bandolier of rockets and a radio set and consuls taken from the u.s. 
surveillance helicopter as if preparing to take them away.

schaefer puts down the glasses, looking at ramirez who nods in 
acknowledgment. a sudden muffled cry brings schaefer's attention to one 
end of the camp, where a heavily thatched door covers and opening to 
the palapa. a guard stands at the door.

the door flies open as a hostage, shirtless, hands tied behind his 
back, staggers through the door as if kicked from behind.

the man falls to the ground, feebly trying to regain his footing. 
although difficult to see from schaefer's vantage point, the man's 
battered face and welt-covered back indicate he has been severely 
tortured.

emerging from the palapa, a guerrilla leader, moustached and wearing a 
sidearm, approaches the beaten man, kicking him viciously in the 
stomach, rolling him to his side.

kneeling beside the man he withdraws an automatic from his holster and 
cocks the hammer. grabbing the man by the hair he jams the muzzle into 
the man's ear and with a violent twist, pulls the trigger.

the guerrilla leader stands and strides quickly back to the palapa, 
still holding the pistol, closing the door behind him.


schaefer

grim-faced at having witnesses the murder, lowers him glasses, a look 
of cold determination on his face. quickly he and ramirez ease down the 
escarpment, joining the other team members.

schaefer makes a circling motion with his thumb and the team members 
gather in close, huddle formation.

schaefer
(whispering; angry)
just killed one of the prisoners. no time for invitations. we take 
them, now.


