ext. encampment - day (dusk)

ramirez is tuning in the compact field radio, equipped with a crypto-
phone device. dillon holds the handset.

dillon
(to phone)
blazer one, say again... 

a crackle of static over the radio.

blazer one (v.o.)
red fox, i say again. your request for extraction denied. your area 
still compromised. proceed to sector 3000 for prisoner extraction, 
priority alpha. next contact at 1030 hours.

dillon
(to phone; angry)
roger, blazer one. 1030 hours... damn, bastards.

he puts down the phone, turning to the group, huddled together in a 
tight circle, ramirez and billy facing outward in defensive positions, 
anna, silent, watching. schaefer is look at him.

dillon
(angry; shocked)
we're still too far in, they won't risk coming in for us.

schaefer
expendable assets, dillon. seems langley is never around when you need 
them.

dillon
i can accept that, it comes with the job.

schaefer
bullshit. you're just like the rest of us.

dillon glares back. schaefer leaves, lost in thought. ramirez looks up 
at the impenetrable canopy.

ramirez
shit load o' good a chopper'd do us in here anyway.

dillon turns to mac.

dillon
mac. who hit us today?

mac is still obviously feeling the anger and bitterness of the 
mystifying event.

mac
don't know, only saw one of 'em. camouflaged. he was there... 
(remembering)
... those fucking eyes... 

dillon
(abruptly; pushing)
what, sergeant?

mac
(returning; angry)
those eyes... disappeared. but i know one thing, major... 
(pause)
... i drew down and fired right at it. capped-off two hundred rounds 
and then the mini-gun; the full pack. nothin'... nothin' on this earth 
could have lived... not at that range.

dillon ponders this for a moment, staring hard at mac. mac gets up.

mac
i've got the first watch.

mac departs. dillon watches mac as he creeps forward to the sentry 
position. he turns to ramirez.

dillon
ask her again. what did she see? what happened to hawkins?

ramirez turns to anna. they talk quietly in spanish, dillon watching, 
listening carefully. ramirez turns back to dillon.

ramirez
(interpreting)
she says the same thing... it was the jungle... 

ramirez looks up at billy who continues to stare into the jungle, 
aware, catlike, reacting to every sound, his nerves on edge, as if 
ready to snap. ramirez rises, moves alongside his friend, dillon 
watching closely.

ramirez
(whispering; imploring)
you know something billy, what is it?

billy turns, his face a mask of primal fear. he moves close to ramirez.

billy
i'm scared.

ramirez is frightened by this.

ramirez
(shaken)
bullshit. you ain't afraid of no man.

billy looks deep into his eyes, chilling ramirez to the bone, looking 
at his with eyes which have seen on an instinctual level what the 
others have so far only begun to sense.

billy
there's something out there, waiting for us... it ain't no man.

billy turns away, moving a short distance away, taking up his position. 
dillon looks after him and then into the blackness of the jungle 
canopy. dillon speaks to ramirez.

dillon
he's losing his cool. there's nothing out there but a couple of men 
that we're going to have to take down.

despite his words, there is an edge of doubt in his voice. schaefer 
returns. he's overheard this exchange. he's holding the group of dog 
tags taken from davis' men. he holds them up for dillon to see.

schaefer
you still don't get it, do you dillon? he took davis... and now he 
wants us.


