ext. dense undergrowth - day

the hillside of a steep valley, dark and foreboding. billy passes by 
and halts, removing his knife. with his other hand he pulls down from 
overhead a thick vine, severing it. a thin stream of water emerges 
which he drinks.

suddenly he stops, letting the water drip to the ground. he quietly 
releases the vine and brings his m-203 shotgun to bear, listening 
intently. something seems wrong. he brings his eyes upward and stares, 
hard into the treeline of the opposing hillside.

as his eyes strain to penetrate the dense, intertwined canopy, he is 
engulfed by the rising sounds of the jungle, a cacophony of buzzing and 
clicking, amplified in the sweltering heat of the day. unable to locate 
a source to account for his anxiety, he relaxes, moving on, resuming 
the track.


billy (minutes later)

examines the ground as he moves, growing confused and puzzled by what 
he sees before him. he stops, scrutinizing the jungle, probing the 
world around him with his keen senses.

hearing a faint rustling sound he looks up, seeing a curtain of moss 
several feet away. he takes a cautious step forward, extending his 
weapon. he reaches forward with his free hand, touching the moss.

behind the curtain a slight shifting of dark forms occurs. he pauses 
and then with a sudden movement, sweeps the moss aside... 

a black explosion of fluttering wings as carrion-eating birds rush past 
billy's body.

billy's face seizes into a mask of horror, his expression descending 
into a state of complete, primitive shock, his eyes staring transfixed, 
inches away from the leering death-grin of a human face, upside down, 
completely stripped of skin.

reeling, his body numbed by the sight before him, he stumbles backwards 
and stops.

vines threaded through their achilles tendons, the bodies of three men, 
skinned and gutted, hang suspended in the think, suffocating air, 
buzzing with insects.

billy turns away, revulsed as ramirez moves quietly into view, schaefer 
directly behind him. ramirez stares at the bodies, now seen to be in 
the first stages of deterioration, strips of flesh torn away by the 
birds and other scavengers. in an almost childlike manner, he crosses 
himself.

ramirez 
(hoarse whisper) 
holy mother... 

schaefer moves into the clearing, kneeling beside a bloody pile of 
clothing and entrails. he examines the clothing and then rises, holding 
a dog tag on a broken chain. he reads the tag, his face growing 
hardened and bitter as he stares down at the tag, recognizing the name.

schaefer
(to himself)
j.s. davis, captain, u.s. army... 

schaefer's eyes move from the bloody dog tag to the bodies.

schaefer 
(coldly) 
mac. cut them down.

mac moves forward, withdrawing his combat knife. the blade flashes, 
cutting the vine as the first body thuds to the ground. he bends over, 
picking up other dog tags.

schaefer turns to dillon.

schaefer
i knew this man. green berets, out of fort bragg. what the hell were 
they doing in here? you got any answers for this, dillon?

dillon
(stunned)
jesus... this is inhuman.
(to schaefer)
uh... i wasn't told of any operations in this area. they shouldn't have 
been here.

schaefer
(angry)
well somebody sent them.

schaefer walks off. mac steps out of the clearing, sheathing his knife 
with a violent gesture, passing ramirez.

ramirez
(seething)
must have run into the guerrillas... fucking animals.

mac moves alongside blain.

mac
(spits)
ain't no way for a soldier to die.
(looks at blain)
time to let 'ol 'painless' out of the bag.

grimly, blain rips apart the velcro closures of the canvas bundle slung 
across his shoulder, revealing a truly awesome weapon, a six-barreled 
mini-gun adapted for field combat.


