ext. encampment - night

the mist has thickened, the night alive with a million jungle sounds. 
the team members sleep uneasily, if at all.

mac, although weary, stares hard into the night, waiting, each small 
sound a potential enemy. a lull spreads over the jungle, animals and 
insects quieting. mac tightens his grip on the mini-gun.

billy awakens, peering into the night. nothing.

suddenly, a metallic click, a pop, the sound of a warning flare 
rocketing into the canopy. a moment later a brilliant flash as the 
flare burns, illuminating the camp.

an echoing eerie scream fills the night as a dark shape in the mist 
rockets through the undergrowth towards mac.

mac spins, hauling the heavy gun around, just as something crashes into 
his upper body, driving the huge man into the foxhole.

a desperate battle for life ensues, illuminated with the strobing light 
of the descending flare. mac's enraged shouts and roars mingled with 
horrific screams fill the night.

mac's razor-edged knife slashes in the light; blood spatters his face 
as he attacks fiercely.

schaefer and ramirez rush at a crouching run towards the foxhole, their 
weapons ready.

a tremendous climatic scream from the foxhole and then, silence. 
schaefer and ramirez approach, cautiously. mac stands, his face and 
clothes drenched in blood, some of it his, his breath coming in rapid 
gasps. he looks at schaefer, whispering hoarsely.

mac
got the motherfucker... 

as the flare breaks through the canopy, dying out in great flickering 
bursts, the man stare down into the foxhole. a huge, jungle boar lies 
mutilated in a pool of blood, still quivering in the final throes of 
death. the flare dies out.

mac, shaking from adrenaline, breathing heavily, looks down at the 
dying animal.

mac
(incredulous)
a pig... just a fucking pig... 

schaefer shines his tekna-light onto the boar, playing the light along 
its massive hulk, its razor edges tusks gleaming in the light. ramirez 
appears by his side, looking down at the huge carcass.

ramirez
holy shit, mac.

nearby, unnoticed by the men, anna stoops, her hands still bound, 
picking up an mp-5 from the ground. she turns, looking for an avenue of 
escape, running for the jungle.

but the forest looks foreboding and sinister. she stops, staring at the 
jungle, the moonlight reflected off leaves like a thousand eyes. for a 
brief second she imagines she can see the hunter's eyes, crashing 
towards her, the shifting patterns of light and dark making the jungle 
seem to strobe, like it is about to rush in at her. she freezes, 
paralyzed by fear, by her memories of the attack.

she drops the mp-5 to the ground.

back at the foxhole, schaefer and ramirez help the still shaken mac 
from the hole. schaefer looks at mac, at the huge gash across his 
chest.

schaefer
get a field dressing on that right away.

suddenly he remembers, anna.

schaefer
where's the girl?

they all turn, ready to move and then stop. coming forth from the 
shadows anna appears, still frightened, seeking the security of the 
soldiers.

from the darkness nearby, billy's voice in a hoarse whisper.

billy (o.s.)
(urgently)
major, over here.

schaefer turns, apprehensive, something in billy's voice... 

he walks over to billy, standing with a flashlight pointing to the 
ground. they see blain's body bag slashed open, covered in blood. 
ramirez appears.

billy
the body... it's gone.

ramirez
came in through the trip wires, took it right out from under our 
noses... 

anna appears between schaefer and ramirez, staring down at the empty, 
blood-soaked body bag. she looks up, into schaefer's eyes.


