ext. encampment - morning (later)

anna at the base of the rocks scans the jungle with binoculars watching 
the tree line. mac moves past her, uncoiling a trip wire linking up 
four claymore mines hidden at various points with leaves and foliage. 
in a tree at the edge of the clearing, billy tosses an uncoiling roll 
of wire to ramirez who attaches it to a grenade, wedged it the crouch 
of a tree.

wires attached to grenades and claymore mines lead off through the 
underbrush and trees leaving a long, unmined corridor leading from the 
camp and into the jungle.

at the corridor's end, where the rocks merge with the jungle, schaefer 
hauls down on a heavy vine, straining with every ounce of strength, his 
muscles bulging, while dillon takes up the slack of the vine around the 
base of a tree. the vine is attached to a forty foot sapling, arcing 
closer to the ground in a gigantic bow with every pull, creaking and 
groaning with tension. with a last mighty heave, schaefer draws the 
tree almost within reach, gesturing to dillon to tie it off, who does.

dillon
(straining)
i'm tellin' you, this little 'boy scout' stunt is a godamned waste of 
time.
(stands)
we've got to get the hell out of here, now, while we've still got the 
chance.

ignoring him, schaefer rapidly drags into position a net crudely woven 
of differing sizes of vines, their leaves still attached. he carefully 
begins to cover the net with leaves and debris. dillon watches him in 
growing frustration as schaefer moves quickly, picking up a framework 
of sticks he has tied together, a treadle-spring trigger. he holds up 
the framework, hurriedly examining his work before placing it on the 
ground.

schaefer
he'll be looking for the trip wires. if we're lucky, he won't see this.

dillon
now what, dutch. you going to send your mystery guest an invitation?

schaefer turns, there is a touch of fear in dillon's eyes.

schaefer
you're catching on, dillon.

schaefer returns to his work on the net and trigger.


