int. palapa room - day

schaefer is staring out the window, his weapon slack in one arm, still 
holding the paper. dillon enters, obviously excited about what he has 
found. he sees the papers on the floor. he reads through them quickly, 
growing even more excited.

dillon
this is beautiful! more than we ever thought. we got the bastards!

schaefer turns, striding slowly to dillon, handing him the paper he is 
holding.

schaefer
i think this is the one you want.

dillon reads it.

dillon
(reacting)
two days... that's all we had. in two days, three hundred of these 
bastards would have been equipped with all this. after they crossed the 
border, it would have taken a year to stop them.
(looks up)
we've averted a major guerrilla invasion, dutch... 

schaefer moves in close to dillon, face to face, anger flaring in his 
eyes.

schaefer
(slow; deliberate)
it was all bullshit. all of it. from the start... you set us up, got us 
in here to do your dirty work.

dillon
(angry)
that's right, i set you up. you're a veteran at this, dutch, i had to.

schaefer
why us?

dillon
because i told you, you're the best. i knew you could do it but i 
couldn't get you in here without a cover story.

schaefer
what story did you give to davis?

dillon
we've been lookin' for this place for months. the chopper must have 
gotten close when they got shot down. hopper was sent in to get my men. 
he was just doing his job. when he disappeared i had to clean this up, 
i had to stop there bastards. we were so close, we couldn't quit. we 
couldn't sleep through this one. i needed you, dutch, can't you see 
that?

dillon
to invade a foreign country, illegally? you lied, dillon. stacked the 
odds against us. set us up. you could have gotten us all killed.
(pause; looking at him)
you used to be one of us, dillon, someone i could trust with my life... 

dillon
we've been through a lot together dutch. when we were together, no one 
could stop us, the hottest goddamned team the army ever saw. but things 
changed, i woke up. we're fighting them in a dozen goddamned countries. 
it's a fight we can't lose, dutch. we're all expendable assets, can't 
you see that?

schaefer takes the paper from dillon's hands.

schaefer
that's your problem, dillon. you always did put ambition before the 
lives of your men.
(pause)
my men are not expendable. i don't do this kind of work.
(crumples up paper in fist)
this is your dirty little war, not mine.

he stuffs the crumpled paper into dillon's shirt pocket.

anna, regaining consciousness, groans, a heavy flow of blood running 
down her face from her head wound.

hawkins appears at the door.

hawkins
major!

schaefer turns away from dillon and steps through the doorway into the 
palapa as anna moans again, mumbling something in spanish. dillon 
kneels, beside her.

dillon
(quietly; in spanish)
are you all right?


