ext. hunter's camp

at the edge of the site. he sees the hunter staggering through the 
foliage.

schaefer starts after him but then stops, dumbfounded by the incredible 
images that crash in on him: translucent human skins stretched over 
frames, the hair of the attached scalps moving lightly in the wind; 
skinned bodies, some lying on the ground, others hung from the trees, 
like hopper and his men were.

he turns back, seeing the hunter as he passes through the shimmering 
distortion of a forcefield enveloping the forest. within the force 
field he sees the vague, nearly transparent outline of the hunter's 
ship.

he approaches it, wide-eyed, his senses reeling with astonishment and 
rage.

from within the force field, a passage way of blue light appears, the 
hunter's form backlit as he ascends the ramp to his spacecraft.


the hunter

as he passes his hand through a light beam, the ship instantly 
responds, as a low, turbinelike howl is heard, building slowly in 
volume and pitch.


schaefer

in his weakened condition staggers forward, looking up, seeing the 
passage way of light diminish as the door begins to close.

as rising heat waves begin to envelope the ship, the hunter stares out 
at schaefer, the heat waves increasing as the keening whine of the 
ship's drive builds. he enters the force field, the door now inches 
from closing.

on the ground, nearly obscured by the grass and leaves, schaefer sees 
the hunter's weapon, lying where he dropped it in his desperate flight 
to escape.

schaefer grabs up the weapon and holds it. how the hell does it 
work?... he squeezes the handle of the weapon feeling it resist. 
nothing happens.

with the last ounce of his strength, and with a bellow of rage, his arm 
muscles bulging, he crushes down on the handle... 

in a flash of blue-white light, the weapon becomes activated.

schaefer raises the weapon, sensing its power and function.

in the final seconds before the door closes, schaefer, with a 
triumphant scream, fires the weapon... 

the weapon, flaring with deadly energy, drops and turns sideways, 
accelerating through the door and into the spacecraft.


