ext. dillon - day

moving through the underbrush hears a slight rustling in the foliage. 
mac? he strains to locate the source of the movement.

he hears a sound, too faint at first it identify. he listens. silence. 
he hears is again, the sound of a voice, barely audible. a very quiet 
whisper.

voice (o.s.)
dillon, over here.

dillon locates the direction of the voice and moves towards it.

voice (o.s.)
(barely audible)
dillon, over here.

dillon moves a few feet into the undergrowth. he carefully parts the 
thick leaves and vines and enters a tiny opening. he looks around, 
seeing nothing.

dillon
(whispering)
mac?

suddenly a hand appears and covers dillon's mouth. dillon gasps as mac 
pulls him down to where he is hiding.

mac
(whispering; close)
out there. past the rocks... can you see it?

something seems to move in the direction mac is pointing.

dillon
(whispering)
i see it!
(pause)
we're gonna take this thing.

dillon points to an outcropping of rocks, covered with vines.

dillon
take a position over there. i'll work around towards you. when i flush 
him, you nail him... 

mac
(a mean look)
... right, i got a score to settle for the bro... 

dillon
we both got scores to settle.

dillon silently disappears into the jungle, mac watching him go.

mac makes his way toward the rock outcropping, working his way between 
the rocks and the vines. he takes up a position and scans the jungle 
before him.


dillon

moving quietly, his face intense, determined. he stops and listens.


mac - rock outcropping

straining to hear vague sounds coming from the jungle. he reaches out 
and grabs a vine and carefully pulls himself forward into a better 
position.


back to scene - dillon

moving, searching. he goes into a crouch.


mac - rock outcropping

there is movement in the undergrowth. he begins to sweat. he moves the 
safety to fire; reaches out and grabs another vine to pull himself 
forward. mac reacts in shock.

the vine is alive! before he can move, the hunter's hand appears from 
the vines, grabbing mac by the wrist.

in the moment before he is killed, mac turns and sees the hunter's 
glowing eyes.

a flash as the hunter's other hand, moves with blinding speed, mac's 
face contorting in pain as the hunter's razor-sharp spur rips deep into 
his throat. he falls forward into the leaves.


dillon

he hears the faint disturbance in the leaves. he pauses, turning in 
mac's direction, listening. hearing no further sound he relaxes, moving 
on.

 
