int. helicopter - night

illuminated by the eerie red glow of night lights, are seven men, 
dressed in jungle camouflage, soft hats and camouflage face-makeup. 
they wear no identity badges or insignias. the man are checking their 
weapons, making last minute adjustments to their gear.

the compartment reverberates with the noise of the thumping rotors and 
the roar of air from the open doors.

blain, weapons and ordinance specialist, a frightening bull of a man, a 
240 pound killer, removes from his shirtpocket a think plug of tobacco. 
he looks across at:

mac, a huge bear of a man, black, holding am m-60 machine gun. blain 
holds out the tobacco to mac who refuses with a gentle shake of the 
head, a knowing smile, he knows what's coming.

holding the plug between his teeth blain yanks free from his shoulder 
scabbard a wicked, ten inch combat knife. placing the razor sharp blade 
next to his lips he slices through the plug as if it were butter. he 
chews thoughtfully.

seated by the open doorway is ramirez, a slight, angular man, an east 
l.a. streetwise chicano.

adding a final piece of camouflage tape to his pack harness, he looks 
up and smiles, faking a throw and the bulleting the tape to:

hawkins, the radioman and medic, irish, street-tough, reading a rolled-
up magazine, as if he were a rush hour commuter. he snags the tape with 
an instinctual snap of the wrist, continuing to read for a moment 
before looking up, grinning at ramirez, his boyish, eager face belying 
the rugged professional beneath. he turns his gaze to the man next to 
him:

billy, the kit carson scout, an american indian, proud, stoic, a man of 
quiet strength and simplicity, carefully replacing the firing mechanism 
of his m-203, working its action several times. he looks up with a 
smile at hawkins.

hawkins
(shouting)
hey, billy, how many marines does it take to eat a squirrel?

billy looks back, shaking his head, uncomprehending.

hawkins
two. one to eat it and one to watch for cars.

hawkins laughs heartily at his joke.


