ext. hunter - day

moving. a piece of shrapnel cuts his shoulder. a splash of orange blood 
spatters across the leaves of a nearby tree, bullet holes ripping 
through the surrounding foliage.


back to scene - mac

more firing. mac, his weapon expended, continues to thrust the mini-gun 
forward, still squeezing the trigger.

suddenly, as quickly as it started, the firing stops. the men move 
catlike into the jungle, reloading, searching, their nerves taut, 
stretched to the limit, ready to fire again at any second.

mac is frozen, eyes wide, unblinking, his breath coming in rapid gasps 
as he stares into the jungle, still squeezing the trigger of the 
weapon, its breech locked open, gunsmoke wafting from the chamber and 
barrel.

schaefer moves in front of mac, still staring into the jungle. dillon 
pushes anna into the clearing, moving towards the body. anna looks at 
the body and then up to mac. schaefer sees a terrifying moment of 
recognition flash in her eyes as she continues to stare at mac. he 
turns to mac.

mac
(confused)
i... saw it.

at these words, anna reacts in shock, drawing a slight breath. schaefer 
turns, sees her staring at mac. he turns back.

schaefer
you saw what?

mac
(still dazed)
i saw it.

schaefer turns back to see anna, staring fixidly at mac, watching his 
lips. schaefer turns quickly to blain's body and kneels alongside 
dillon.


schaefer

is at blain's side, shocked at the sight of the mutilated body. he is 
joined by dillon.

schaefer
(to himself)
blain... 
(puzzled)
... just like the others... no powder burns, no shrapnel.

dillon
the wound all fused, cauterized... what the hell did this?

schaefer stands, looking at the body. in the background anna drifts 
away from the group.

schaefer
(to mac)
... mac!

mac stares ahead, dumbly, not hearing. he grabs mac by his shoulders, 
shaking him violently back to awareness.

schaefer
(demanding; angry)
mac! mac! look at me!

mac turn to face schaefer, a shocked expression on his face.

schaefer
(urgent)
mac, who did this?

mac is suddenly angry and frustrated, he has no explanation.

mac
i don't know. goddamn it, something... i saw something.

ramirez runs from the jungle, breathing hard, shaking his head.

ramirez
nothing. the same thing. not a fucking trace. no bodies, blood, 
anything.

mac stands. instinctively the team has now grouped around schaefer, 
their weapons pointing into the jungle, ready, their nerves on total 
edge. schaefer looks upward at the darkening sky.

schaefer
(quietly)
we're losing the light. mac, i want a defensive position above this 
ridge, mined with everything we're got.

man is again the hardened professional.

mac
yessir.

schaefer looks down at blain's body. he turns to ramirez and billy.

schaefer
put him in his poncho and liner and carry him back. we'll bury him in 
the morning.

mac
i'll take him.


anna

as they leave approaches the brush, her attention focused on something 
clinging to the leaves, well off to the side of where mac saw the 
hunter. she draws closer, reaching out, hesitant, as if drawn 
magnetically to the leaves.


