ext. encampment - day (later)

morning passes. fog lifts as the sun creeps into the jungle. insects 
swarm and are fed upon by birds and other predators.

at the entranceway to the rock outcropping, the net and trigger are 
hidden beneath the leaves, the framework of the trigger bulging with 
tension from the straining vine attached to the bent tree.

at the other end of the corridor, several meters above the jungle 
floor, schaefer and his team, heavily camouflaged, nearly invisible, 
lie hidden, waiting. the team members, as if hypnotized by the buzzing 
din, stare into the jungle, fixated, alert.


anna

while waiting at the net:

anna
(hushed)
when i was little we find a man -
(she struggles for the words)
- like a butcher. the old ones in the village cross themselves and 
whisper crazy things. 'demonio, cazador de trofoes... only the hottest 
times of the hottest years... 'crazy things... this year is grows hot. 
and we begin finding our men. we find them sometimes without their 
skin. sometimes... much, much worse. cazador de trofoes... means the 
demon who takes trophies.


slow rack to

... schaefer's face. ashen. hold. suddenly an eerie silence moves over 
the jungle:

he whips his face forward. the silence is shattered by a bird flapping 
from the brush.

schaefer sits back and scratches his head, frustrated and a little 
chagrined.

dillon (o.s.)
what'll you try next - cheese?

schaefer glares at him. turns to go -

he stands and begins to move low to the ground toward the waiting 
snare.

behind him, sighting down their well-hidden gun barrels, the others 
scan the jungle, alert for the slightest sound or movement, covering 
him.

schaefer reaches the trap, carefully skirting the trigger hidden 
beneath the leaves. he reaches the end of the corridor, moving out into 
the jungle. he moves further away from the others, the silence crushing 
down on him. he stops and waits, sweat pouring down his face, his 
finger tightening on the trigger of his m-203, eyes scanning the 
jungle.

he turns his back on the jungle, waiting. nothing. he moves back 
towards the corridor, reaching the net, again waiting, listening, 
sensing. nothing. he turns around, looking at the jungle one last time, 
his face measuring defeat and then, with carefully, measured strides, 
he walks back to the camp.

schaefer looks at billy who shakes his head in puzzlement. nearby, 
dillon starts to rise.

dillon
(low; whispered)
satisfied? now let's get the hell out... 

suddenly, behind schaefer at the end of the corridor, with a resounding 
swish and snap, the net explodes off the floor of the jungle in a hail 
of leaves and sticks, rocketing upward into the treetops.

schaefer spins, the others leaping to their feet as they see the net as 
it tears into the treetops, a large struggling bulge trapped within as 
a long, unearthly trilling scream echoes through the jungle.

schaefer and the others charge from the rocks towards the jungle and 
the bobbing net, their weapons ready. anna remains behind, watching 
terrified from the rocks.

they arrive under the net, raising their weapons to fire... but before 
they can fire the entire net explodes into a flurry of leaves, twigs, 
vines, dirt and a flash of pulsating crimson.


