ext. the team - day

the limb crashes down from the trees, schaefer, dillon, billy and mac 
diving for safety. but ramirez, following the hunter's leap, sees too 
late the pendular movement of the severed limb and is struck a thudding 
blow in the ribs, which lifts him off his feet, hurling him backwards 
like a rag doll, his shirt torn open, exposing a bloody wound.

as anna runs to ramirez's side the others, still stunned, look upward, 
frozen in shock seeing: the hunter, clinging to a side of a tree, 
flushed bright crimson.

dillis is dumbfounded, like the others, rooted to the ground staring 
upward.

dillon
what is god's name...?

the hunter utters an unearthly snarl and hiss from his open mouth as an 
instant later his camouflage resumes and he vanishes from sight... a 
rapid, furtive movement through the trees.

mac opens fire with the m-60, the others joining in, shredding the 
foliage, but they know the creature is gone.

with a shout, mac races into the jungle, in pursuit of the hunter.

schaefer
mac!

schaefer hurriedly ejects the spent clip from the m-203, slamming in a 
new one. he shouts an order to billy.

schaefer
(to billy)
get ramirez on his feet! take the girl and get the hell out of here!

he turns to run after mac. dillon steps in front of him, putting his 
hand on schaefer's chest.

dillon
no way, dutch. i'm going. you get these people and get the hell out of 
here.

schaefer
this isn't your style, dillon.

dillon
guess i've picked up some bad habits from you, dutch. now don't argue 
with me, you know i'm right. get to that chopper and hold it for us. 
we'll be along.

schaefer
you know you can't win this one.

dillon stares at him.

dillon
you know me, dutch, i never did know when to quit.

dillon turns and begins to move out.

schaefer
dillon!

dillon turns. picking up the spare mp-5, schaefer tosses the weapon to 
dillon, who grabs it with one hand. they share a look, knowing this is 
farewell.

schaefer
i'll see you there.

dillon
right behind you.

hefting both weapons at the hip he runs into the jungle after mac. 
schaefer watches him leave. he breaks and goes to ramirez, attended by 
anna and billy, who is now sitting up, holding his ribs and gasping for 
breath.

billy
he's busted up, bad, major.

ramirez
(gasping)
i can make it, major.

schaefer lifts him to his feet, supporting him.

schaefer
come on, poncho, we're getting out of here.
(to billy)
billy, take the radio, leave the rest. come on!


