ext. ridgetop - day

over the top, in a low depression, schaefer props ramirez against some 
rocks, reaching for his weapon. they hear billy's echoing scream. 
instantly their weapons are raised, cocked and ready.

schaefer
get back, into the rocks!

schaefer sweeps anna behind him as ramirez struggles to his feet. 
together they back up, covering the ridgeline over which they've just 
come.

suddenly, from one side, near ramirez, the hunter bursts from the 
jungle, ramirez, seeing the hunter, spins raising his weapons to 
fire... 

ramirez sees the hunter's onrushing face, still in camouflage, a 
montage of organic textures and colors, his yellow eyes burning.

whipping the mp-5 is the direction of the hunter he is hurled backwards 
from the impact of the hunter's weapon, his neck gushing blood, the mp-
5 flying through the air, landing in front of anna. she moves for the 
weapon... 

the hunter, with unearthly speed, turns towards anna, as schaefer 
starts to spin, seeing the hunter about to strike as anna dives for the 
weapon. schaefer lunges kicking the mp-5 out of anna's reach.

schaefer
(to anna)
run! get to the chopper!

schaefer spins and fires, bullets thudding into the ground, the barrel 
arcing towards the hunter as anna stumbles to her feet running into the 
jungle.

in a blur the hunter spins back, hurling his weapon at schaefer which 
slices through the wooden stock of the rifle, sparks flying as it 
severs the trigger guard and steel breech.

the m-203 flies out of schaefer's hands as the hunter's weapon cuts 
deeply into his left shoulder, laying open the flesh.

the m-203 hits the ground, where it lies broken in half, useless.

schaefer hits the ground and is rolling, up and running for his life, 
the hunter charging after him.


schaefer

crashes headlong through the jungle. he leaps a fallen log, stumbles, 
struggles to his feet, running on pure adrenalin, his shoulder pulsing 
blood, his eyes filled with terror.

behind him he can hear the hunter in pursuit, closing.

schaefer spins to look behind him, a wild desperate look on his face; 
he turns back, ducks an overhanging limb and lunges on.


