int. dc-3
the pilot, no more than 21, sees the soldiers celebrating
their arrival down on the runway. his hand is on the
green bomb release lever.
                          pilot
            i can't.
mcclintock is in the copilot's seat.

                          mcclintock
            it's either them or us.
he puts his hand on the green release lever.     hesitates.
                          pilot
            you can't either.

on ground
dr. raswani and the soldiers stare at the plane, coming
in too high for a landing.

inside plane
mcclintock squeezes the green lever.
                                               (continued)

                                                       5.
continued:
the bomb cannisters under the wing open up, releasing a
thick cloud of yellow cyanide gas.

on ground
screams of agony rip out as raswani and the soldiers
convulse and die.
the plane shoots over the treetops, spraying the ground
below like a crop duster.
then the plane arcs and approaches again.


over runway
littered with the dead, the plane releases a waxy grey
cloud. one second. two seconds. an eerie stillness.
the cloud explodes in a huge inferno.
the plane releases more and more napalm, burning the
jungle for miles.
the cries of animals caught in the fire pierce the night.
flames shoot up trees a hundred feet high.
pull back to show the whole forest ablaze. a long beat,
then at the very left corner of the frame, a monkey with
a black and white coat (a colobos monkey) emerges from
the fire, looks back at its mate, threatened by the
flames. the colobos jumps up and down, baring its teeth,
screaming. the fire moves relentlessly forward. the
monkeys dart to safety.

                                            cut to:

motaba river valley - next morning
a metal syringe burned to a molten shard lies beside a
mortar launcher, twisted and deformed like some bizarre
modern sculpture. pull back to reveal acre after acre,
mile after mile of nothing but ashes and carcasses of
burnt-out trees. not a single living thing remains.
fade out and roll credits.

fade up:
treetops
a wind rippling through treetops.
                                            (continued)

                                                       6.
continued:
computer keys pound:    "the motaba river valley, august
12, 1994."
                                             shock cut to:

above rainforest
brilliant streams of orange and purple, the last rays of
the setting sun, dance across the sky and penetrate the
vapor cloud above the rain forest. unworldly silence.
shattered by:
giant trees crashing to the ground. tractors roar,
chainsaws rev with a penetrating whine. huge trees
living undisturbed for hundreds of years topple to earth,
their roots ripped from the soil.
reveal the army of construction workers clearing a path
for the new road linking kinshasa with bangui. white
foremen bellow orders in french at their black workers,
including:
morazu: a seven-foot tall goliath with mischievous eyes.
he punches on his chain saw and rips into another tree.
a cloud of wood dust envelops him.

overhead - zairean army helicopters
roar by overhead, their machine gunners searching   for
guerilla activity.

intercut - two colobos monkeys

a mother and her daughter, whom we'll know as betsy.
betsy plays with a fat, round jackfruit, kicking it and
rolling it every which way. her mother watches the
construction workers warily.
morazu hums as he pulls a huge tree limb off the road and
into a thick patch of brush where he comes face to face
with betsy. morazu smiles. he takes a long piece of
sweetened bread from his pocket and lays it down right in
front of the young monkey.
betsy eyes it warily.
                        morazu
                 (softly)
          take it.
                                             (continued)

                                                        7.
continued:
a long beat. betsy takes the bread, examines it careful-
ly, finally takes a bite.
morazu grabs her. betsy struggles, thrashing and scream-
ing. morazu pins her hands behind her back. she spins
around and sinks her teeth into his finger.
he lets go with a shriek and swears at betsy, who disap-
pears with the bread.
stay with morazu as he returns to his work.    he sucks the
blood out of the small wound.
                                              cut to:


