int. ford's office
to his computer terminal. a message ratchets across the
screen: "analysis finished"
he punches a computer key and swivels around in his
chair to see the huge video screen on the wall. it shows
two viral structures that look like dna double helices.
one is labelled "cd-40 1960 (motaba valley)"; the other
is labelled "motaba virus - gillespie - 1994."
letters flash across the screen.
ford puts on his horn-rimmed glasses and stares at the
screen. he doesn't breathe. a long beat.
                        ford
          you fucker, why couldn't you stay
          dead?
                                              cut to:

motaba river valley - day (august 24)
deep in the rain forest, a trapper wheels a cage    contain-
ing a baboon to a clearing where other trappers    and
government health workers have lunch. scattered     around
them are cages filled with other animals they've    caught
for motaba virus testing.
the drone of approaching planes builds. the animals hear
it first and grow restless. the army troops guarding the
workers scan the sky but can't see the planes because of
the treetops. they scream into their walkie-talkies.
on the river, the machine gunner on the army patrol-boat,
hears their reports and swivels his cannon around, scan-
ning the sky. but he can't see the planes either. the
drone becomes deafening. suddenly:
over the treetops, three camouflage-painted dc-3 gunships
emerge, cannons firing right on target.
the patrol boat explodes into a shower of splinters.
the dc-3 gunships turn and arc high into the sky.
on the ground the soldiers sight the planes.    they open
fire but the planes are out of range.
the ju-ju man comes out of his cave and watches the planes
circle back and release a waxy grey cloud.
the ju-ju mmn raises his arms defiantly. he bares his
teeth and screams, and his cry fuses with:
                                              (continued)

                                                        36.
continued:
exploding napalm. the planes press on relentlessly,
extending the fireball mile after mile, extinguishing
all life.
                                              cut to:

