ext. bank and station wagon - cerrito - day

awaiting bag number two. breedan - calm and alert - idles
the engine in drive while braking with his left foot.

profile:

neil

coming out with the second bag. chris follows - backwards
covering the interior. neil avoids a lady pushing a
supermarket shopping cart, looks up and sees:

neil's pov: hanna + schwartz

entering rapidly but surreptitiously 50 yards down the
sidewalk. bosko's moving 90 degrees to the right, crossing
the street. there would be no, there was no, and there
never is any, warning. neil hanna and schwartz with 12-
gauges open fire. world war iii erupts. now we hear
distant police sirens.

chris

is hit in the neck.

neil's

firing 3-shot bursts that blow up schwartz and a lamppost
and hit a woman who falls over her shopping cart, shrieking.
hanna's behind the lamppost.

bosko

across the   street with his ar-180, opens up on the station
wagon which   takes hits. a  black and white slides sideways
and cop #1   with a shotgun runs across the street hollering
at kids who   stop and stare and drop school books.

        converted to pdf by www.screentalk.org         103.


                         cop # 1
            drop!   drop down!

cerrito

over the station wagon roof fires a burst at bosko, then
swings onto cop #1 and fires, killing him. cerrito jumps
into the wagon.

the street - wide: a bus

the driver panics and slams on his brakes and his bus full
of people stalls in the combat zone between bosko and the
wagon.

                        bosko (o.s.)
                (screams)
            get the bus out of here..

neil

shielded by the green bag of money which has taken hits,
fires at hanna and backs to chris.

hanna

pulls schwartz to cover.

chris

dazed - holding his bleeding neck while neil fires into
the parking lot...

parking lot

...hitting casals getting out of his car.    casals sits
down as if stunned.

man

pulling his car out of the lot ducks behind the wheel and
crashes it into a parked car.

