70   int. apartment - night                                      70

     peter comes out of the elevator, key in hand. he's about
     to put it in the lock on the door, but stops short -- the
     door is already open.
                              peter
               michael?   michael, are you here?
     no answer.
     peter pushes the door open. the sight that greets his
     eyes is very dismaying. it looks like a tornado has hit
     the house. everything's on the floor, it's all been
     smashed, it's all been ripped apart. gone is the beauti-
     ful apartment that had been so lovingly decorated. in
     its place, utter devastation and shambles.
     peter stands there speechless for a moment, then an awful
     thought crosses his mind. he runs like crazy into his
     room -- the basket's not there. stepping over the debris
     and all the things strewn over the floor, he rushes into
     the living room, then into michael's room. the basket's
     nowhere to be seen.
     peter falls apart; without even realizing it, he's moan-
     ing and muttering distractedly. he runs into jack's
     room, into the kitchen, into the bathroom. the basket is
     nowhere to be seen. peter runs all over, back and forth
     ten times in all the rooms. tears are flowing from his
     eyes.
     suddenly, he hears faint cries.   they're coming from the
     back bathroom. peter rushes to   it, practically ripping
     the door from its hinges. there   on the toilet is the
     basket, and on it there's a note  written in big messy
     printing which says: "next time   we take her."
     mary looks at peter and smiles; she seems in great shape.
     a distraught peter picks her up, hugs her tightly and
     kisses her all over as he takes her into his room.
     just then, michael appears in the corridor, silent and

                                                                      68.

     overwhelmed. he comes to the door to peter's    room and
     looks at him. peter, mortified to have been    caught
     kissing mary, hastily distances himself from   her, hold-
     ing her at arm's length. he puts her down on    his bed
     and exits the room.


