int. macleod house - bathroom - morning
drew stands before the mirror, perfecting perfection. in
a tasteful suit, hair just so, she opens the drawer...
... which is hyper-organized, everything in a little
labeled nook. she pulls out tweezers and we see beneath
where it says, "tweezers."
she leans into the mirror very close, spots a stray
eyebrow hair, plucks it. pulling back, she raises her
other eyebrow. huh. now they're not even.
                                            (continued)

                                                         3.

continued:
she leans in again and plucks one from the other eyebrow.
uh-oh. this is like when your mom cuts your hair and
keeps cutting to get it even until you're shaved. she
reaches for the other side... but suddenly catches
herself and stops. deep breath. let's not get too
psychotic.
she dunks the tweezers in the alcohol jar, then replaces
them.
checking her teeth, she spots a stuck bit.       grabbing her
water pick she begins cleaning her teeth.
                           parker (o.s.)
             morning.
startled, drew shoots herself in the eye with the water
pick. parker's entered from her side. drew shuts off
the water pick, dries her face.
                           parker
             why the young executive look?
                           drew
             i have my interview at nyu today.
parker, sleepy, stretches, unaware she's exposing her new
belly ring.
                           drew
             no way mom knows about that.
self-consciously, parker drops her arms, pulls her shirt
down.
                           parker
             and she never will. at least
             until after i'm married.
                           drew
             didn't it hurt?
                           parker
             like hell.
drew shivers.
                           drew
             piercings are so... unhygienic.
a little beep beep from her preset watch alarm goes off.
                                               (continued)

                                                        4.

continued:
                           drew
             breakfast.
drew turns on her heel and exits. when parker sets her
blackberry down we get our first glimpse of...
... her side of the    bathroom which resembles a post-
apocalyptic toiletry    landscape. there's a very clear
line of demarcation    on the counter like the demilitarized
zone separating the    koreas.
parker reaches among the rubble for her toothbrush but
notices another message on her blackberry:
thoreau 786:     know what today is?
notatwin:     another day in hell?
thoreau 786:     two weeks since our first chat.
notatwin:     our anniversary.    how sweet.
thoreau 786: since it's a special occasion, my real
name's warren collier. if you're ever in the city, i'd
love to meet. gotta go.
accompanying the text, a picture warren has sent finishes
downloading -- eighteenish, the shaggy chic, calvin klein
model-type.
                           parker
                     (suddenly wide-awake)
             hellooo, warren.
distracted, parker drops her toothbrush, which bounces
off the counter and plops into the toilet.
on the toilet bowl -- there it is, slowly sinking.
parker is stone-faced. she looks to her sister's side of
the counter where a fresh brush sits in the flowered
holder. she's considering... she's reaching... then...
nah.
instead, she squeezes the tube straight into her mouth,
brushes with a finger and spits.

