          38   int. the house - front room - night                          38
          
               matthew re-enters, out of breath. he sits next to jennifer,
               who hasn't moved. puts a hand on her chest to make sure
               she's still breathing. she is.
          
                                   matthew
                         jesus christ...
          
               he looks through the dictionary, finding the word he needs:
          
                                   matthew
                         `ambulance'... "kyukyusha".
          
               then he quickly rips open the yellow pages --
          
               -- seeing, in plain english, `emergency' on the first page.
               below that: `fire/ambulance -- dial 119'.
          
               he drops the book and reaches across the bed for a phone, on
               a table at the far side --
          
               -- the boy (toshio) stands up, between matthew and the phone.
          
               but he looks different from before: his skin is discolored,
               his lips and eyes are ringed and sullen.
          
                                   matthew
                         who are you? what -- what are you
                         doing here?
          
               toshio makes a strange sound. looks at jennifer, then turns
               to matthew, snarling at him like a cat.
          
               matthew, shocked, falls backwards off the bed, hitting the
               table with the lamp. it drops to the ground --
          
                                          revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04     24.
          
          
          
               -- and toshio's shadow, cast by the fallen light, begins to
               stretch and grow across the ceiling. the shadow creeps over
               jennifer, shifting and coming towards matthew --
          
               -- matthew grabs the lamp.    he reaches it, holding it up --
          
               at first, it looks like both jennifer and toshio have
               disappeared. but then --
          
               -- jennifer, suddenly back on the bed, sits upright, jerkily,
               as if she's been yanked up and forward. her mouth is wide
               and gasping --
          
               -- and then she falls back onto the bed.     dead.
          
               matthew, stunned, backs away from the bed, against the
               closet. terrified, he doesn't notice --
          
               -- the thud thud sound growing around him.     then --
          
               -- toshio's head comes into frame behind him. matthew hears
               a growling sound and turns, seeing toshio right there! --
          
          39                                                                   39
