          79   int. the house - living room - day                           79
          
               the house is the least "moved-into" that we've seen so far:
               although the main furniture is in place, moving boxes are
               stacked in every room, in various stages of unpacking.
          
               but there's also an unusual amount of mess in the house -- a
               disarray, much like the opening sequence, that isn't exactly
               related to moving in.
          
               yoko surveys the room, dismayed by the mess.
          
               then she sees emma at the far end of the living room, her
               back to yoko. she's looking down at something in her hands.
          
                                     yoko
                         hi, emma.    it's good to see you
                         again.
          
               emma turns. looks blankly at yoko, who approaches.
               realizing the woman doesn't remember her:
          
                                   yoko
                         my name is yoko.
          
               the old woman still gives no sign of recognition.   yoko
               gently takes her arm.
          
                                   yoko
                         you should be in bed --
          
               then she sees what emma was looking at: the roll of duct
               tape. she's cut her finger on the serrated cutting blade.
          
                                   yoko (in japanese)
                         you shouldn't be playing with this!
          
               shaking her head, yoko takes the duct tape and looks around
               for a place where emma can't get at it --
          
               -- she puts the tape on the stack of books at the top of the
               bookshelf, next to the scissors (where matthew found them).
          
          
          80                                                                80
               omitted
          
          
          81   omitted                                                      81
          
                                        revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04        48.
          
          
          
          
          81a   int. the house - entrance - day                              81a
          
                from the entrance, we see yoko come out of the kitchen
                holding a tray with a teapot and cup.
          
                she walks into the back room, looking down at emma's bed.
                the old woman must be asleep: yoko gently lays down the
                tray, quietly steps out of the room and slides the door shut.
          
                then yoko moves through the living room to the phone base --
          
                -- she picks up the cordless, finally where it belongs.
          
                yoko dials a number as she walks into the entrance hall.     she
                begins a conversation (in japanese) as she looks at the
                scattered rubbish on the ground, shaking her head.
          
                she climbs up to the second floor, pausing to kneel and pick
                up some pieces of crumpled paper, chatting all the while.
          
                thud. thud. yoko pauses, turning towards the open door to
                the front room. the rhythmic thumping continues.
          
          
          82    omitted                                                       82
          
          
          83    omitted                                                       83
          
          
