                  ext. the house - night
                  doug stands at the gate, lighting a cigarette, looking down
                  at the police tape sealing the entrance. he pockets his
                  zippo and ducks under the tape, walking up to --
          
                  the front door. doug tries the handle, and the door swings
                  open. he stands on the porch, looking into the dark place.
          
          
          126bb   ext. street - night                                      126bb
          
                  karen runs down the steps from the train, racing into the
                  shopping district.
          
          
          126c    int. the house - entrance - night                            126c
          
                  doug steps inside, trying the light switch. nothing happens.
                  but he smiles, shaking his head, completely unafraid.
          
                                        doug
                            hello?
          
                  as he takes a step forward his foot bumps the gas cans, still
                  sitting by the front door.
          
                  he's confused -- and then he gets a good idea.   he tosses his
                  cigarette outside and closes the front door.
          
                                        revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04     85a.
          
          
          
          
          126d   int. the house - living room - night                    126d
          
                 doug walks through the living room, glancing inside the small
                 kitchen, then he slides open the door to the tatami room.
          
                 he winces as his eyes meet the stained mattress.
          
          
          126e   int. the house - entrance - night                       126e
          
                 doug re-enters the entryway, looking back up to the second
                 floor. he starts up.
          
                                          revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04     86.
          
          
          
          
          126f   int. the house - second floor hallway - night            126f
          
                 doug walks to the front room door and opens it. he leans
                 inside, trying to let his eyes adjust to the dark.
          
                 then he walks down the hall to the rear room.   does the same.
                 nothing but darkness beyond.
          
                 doug closes the door and turns away from it, wondering why
                 he's here, what he's looking for.
          
                 he reaches into his pocket and pulls out his cell phone.
                 speed-dials karen's number. as he raises it to his ear --
          
                 -- he doesn't notice the door to the rear room slowly
                 swinging open behind him --
          
          127                                                               127
