                int. police station - nakagawa's office - night
                nakagawa is looking at the same picture, in his file.
          
                officer #1 appears in the hall.   knocks gently on the door.
          
                                     officer #1 (in japanese)
                           this just came in. it's the
                           surveillance video you requested.
          
                it takes a moment for nakagawa to snap out of it.
          
                he finally nods, takes the tape. he opens the envelope and
                looks at the cassette. like he doesn't want to watch it.
          
                then he turns to a tv/vcr combo and inserts the tape.
          
                on the screen: the 10th floor hallway from susan's office
                building, and the door leading to the stairwell.
          
                a beat.   the image flickers for a moment.
          
                then the door suddenly bursts open and susan, terrified, runs
                from the stairwell and down the hall.
          
                on nakagawa:   he fast-forwards the video.   until --
          
                                         revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04       65.
          
          
          
                on screen: -- the security guard appears in the hallway.        as
                susan saw earlier, he opens the door to the stairwell and
                looks inside. then he closes the door and continues o.s.
          
                on nakagawa:   he reaches forward to turn off the video --
          
                on screen:   -- but then the video crackles with a quick burst
                of static.   and the door to the stairwell opens again.
          
                on nakagawa: he's watching, entranced, terrified.      he can
                hardly believe what he's seeing --
          
                on screen: -- a dark figure emerges from the stairwell.    it's
                the shape of a woman with long hair --
          
                -- but the figure is blurry and shifting, as if the black
                shadow has loosely compacted itself into the form of a human.
          
                nakagawa watches, breathless, as the figure slowly enters the
                hallway, passing by, underneath the camera.
          
                the image stops flickering.    an empty hallway now.   a beat.
          
                nakagawa, his hand shaking, reaches forward, about to turn
                off the television set, when --
          
                darkness suddenly overtakes the screen, rising up from the
                bottom until everything is dark. a strange humming rattle
                comes from the speakers, and the image jitters madly.
          
                nakagawa leans forward, right up to the screen, trying to
                make out an image in the swirling blackness --
          
                two eyes open, staring at nakagawa.
                terrified, nakagawa stands and turns away, closing his eyes.
          
                and when he finds the strength to look back --
          
                -- the eyes are still there.
          
                locked onto him, even though he's moved.
          
                unflinching.   unblinking.
          
          105                                                                105
