                int. karen's apartment - night
                a reading light on the computer desk provides the only
                illumination in the dark apartment.
          
                karen enters, standing in the doorway for a moment.     shell-
                shocked. as she slides off her coat:
          
                                       karen
                          doug?
          
                                 revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04    83a.
          
          
          
          no answer. she slowly walks to the bedroom and looks inside.
          he's not there. this seems to worsen karen's mood.
          
                                     revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04       84.
          
          
          
          karen looks down at a notepad. she's written three japanese
          names. the detectives in charge of the case three years ago.
          
          they all have red lines drawn through them.
          
          then we pan up to see that these are the last names on a
          longer list. we recognize the other names: matthew,
          jennifer, and emma williams; yoko and alex; nakagawa and
          igarashi. everyone who's been in the house.
          
          everyone who died.   all the names have been crossed out --
          
          -- except `nakagawa' and `igarashi'.    karen picks up a red
          pen and draws a line through them.
          
          then we see one final name at the bottom:
          
          `me.'   now the only one not crossed out.   the only one left.
          
          karen puts down her pen.    then she looks up at --
          
          -- the wall, where's she's taped all the pictures and
          articles in a circle.
          
          karen realizes something.    she reaches for the lamp, and
          turns it closer --
          
          -- the picture in the middle of the "spider's web" is gone.
          
          the photo of the house.
          
          karen draws a breath. then, out of the corner of her eye,
          she sees something she hadn't noticed before --
          
          -- a faint red flashing from a small table by the kitchen.
          
          she slowly stands. walks over to it. the flashing red light
          is barely visible on her face, as she looks down at --
          
          -- her answering machine.    the message light is blinking.
          
          `1 message'.
          
          she reaches out a shaky finger and presses `play'.
          
                               doug (on machine)
                     "hey, karen. it's me. i just
                     wanted to say -- i'm sorry. i know
                     i wasn't hearing you.
                               (more)
          
                                           revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04         85.
          
                                      doug (on machine) (cont'd)
                            if all this is real to you, then
                            it's important to me, and i'm gonna
                            check that house out. so just sit
                            tight, i won't be long. i love
                            you."
          
                  karen presses the stop button.
          
                  she stands there for a moment, in the near-darkness.
          
                  then, softly:
          
                                        karen
                            no.
          
          
          126a    ext. karen's apartment building - night                      126a
          
                  karen runs outside, struggling to pull on her coat.    she
                  races down the sidewalk at top speed.
          
          126b                                                                 126b
