          124   int. the house - living room - day                             124
          
                peter holds toshio's hand as he leads him back to a couch in
                the living room.
          
                                    peter (in japanese)
                          are you alone? where are your
                          parents?
          
                the boy sits in the couch, slumped over, still looking dazed.
          
                peter studies him, looking at the ugly bruises on his arms
                and legs. there's also a big one around his neck.
          
                                    peter (in japanese)
                          what happened to you?
          
                peter reaches out to lift toshio's chin, but he flinches,
                pulling backwards. his eyes manage to focus on peter.
          
                then the boy looks away.    lowers his head.   a long beat.
          
                peter's worried. this really doesn't look good.     he scans
                the messy room, eyes falling on something.
          
                he reaches down and picks up pieces of a photograph, lying
                next to a broken frame -- they've been crumpled into a ball.
          
                on the photo: peter unfolds the pieces and rearranges them.
                we've seen this picture before --
          
                -- a family portrait. toshio, holding a cute black cat.
                standing with his mother and father -- kayako and takeo.
                they're all beaming at the camera, a perfect, happy family.
          
                except that the mother's face has been torn out.
          
                then there's a muffled meow.    peter looks over at the window.
                did that come from outside?
          
                another meow.   peter walks to the window, looking out.
          
                from outside, looking in: a worried look crosses peter's
                face as the meow becomes more of a growl, as if in warning.
                he looks outside, but can't see anything --
          
                                        revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04        82.
          
          
          
                -- but we see, over peter's shoulder, that toshio is now
                looking directly at him, eyes wide --
          
                -- the meowing emitting from his wide open mouth --
          
          
