205 int. steerage, aft

jack, rose, fabrizio and tommy are lost, searching for a way out. they push
past confused passengers... past a mother changing her baby's diaper on top
of an upturned steamer trunk... past a woman arguing heatedly with a man in
serbo-croatian, a wailing child next to them... past a man kneeling to
console a woman who is just sitting on the floor, sobbing... and past
another man with an english/arabic dictionary, trying to figure out what
the signs mean, while his wife and children wait patiently.

jack et al come upon a narrow stairwell and they go up two decks before
they are stopped by a small group pressed up against a steel gate. the
steerage men are yelling at a scared steward.

                                  steward

go to the main stairwell, with everyone else. it'll all get sorted out
there.

jack takes one look at this scene and finally just loses it.

                                   jack

god damn it to hell son of a bitch!!

he grabs one end of a bench bolted to the floor on the landing. he starts
pulling on it, and tommy and fabrizio pitch in until the bolts shear and it
breaks free. rose figures out what they are doing and clears a path up the
stairs between the waiting people.

                                   rose

move aside! quickly, move aside!

jack and tommy run up the steps with the bench and ram it into the gate
with all their strength. it rips loose from its track and falls outward,
narrowly mssing the steward. led by jack, the crowd surges though. rose
steps up to the cowering steward and says in her most imperious tone:

                                   rose

if you have any intention of keeping your pathetic job

                                  (more)

                               rose (cont'd)

with the white star line, i suggest you escort these good people to the
boat deck... now.

class wins out. he nods dumbly motions form them to follow.

                                                                   cut to:

