36 ext. southampton docks / titanic - day

a view of titanic from several blocks away, towering above the terminal
buildings like the skyline of a city. the steamer's whistle echoes across
southampton.

pull back, revealing that we were looking through a window, and back
further to show the smoky inside of a pub. it is crowded with dockworkers
and ship;s crew.

just inside the window, a poker game is in progress. four men, in working
class clothes, play a very serious hand.

jack dawson and fabrizio de rossi, both about 20, exchange a glance as the
other two players argue in swedish. jack is american, a lanky drifter with
his hair a little long for the standards of the times. he is also unshaven,
and his clothes are rumpled from sleeping in them. he is an artist, and has
adopted the bohemian style of art scene in paris. he is also very
self-possessed and sure-footed for 20, having lived on his own since 15.

the two swedes continue their sullen argument, in swedish.

                                   olaf

                                (subtitled)

you stupid fishhead. i can't believe you bet our tickets.

                                   sven

                                (subtitled)

you lost our money. i'm just trying to get it back. now shutup and take a
card.

                                   jack

                                 (jaunty)

hit me again, sven.

jack takes the card and slips it into his hand.

ecu jack's eyes. they betray nothing.

close on fabrizio licking his lips nervously as he refuses a card.

ecu stack in the middle of the table. bills and coins from four counrties.
this has been going on for a while. sitting on top of the money are two 3rd
class tickets for rms titanic.

the titanic's whistle blows again. final warning.

                                   jack

the moment of truth boys. somebody's life's about to change.

fabrizio puts his cards down. so do the swedes. jack holds his close.

                                   jack

let's see... fabrizio's got niente. olaf, you've got squat. sven, uh oh...
two pair... mmm.

                           (turns to his friend)

sorry fabrizio.

                                 fabrizio

what sorry? what you got? you lose my money?? ma va fa'n culo testa di
cazzo--

                                   jack

sorry, you're not gonna see your mama again for a long time...

he slaps a full house down on the table.

                                   jack

                                (grinning)

'cause you're goin' to america!! full house boys!

                                 fabrizio

porca madonna!! yeeaaaaa!!!

the table explodes into shouting in several languages. jack rakes in the
money and the tickets.

                                   jack

                              (to the swedes)

sorry boys. three of a kind and a pair. i'm high and you're dry and...

                               (to fabrizio)

... we're going to--

                               fabrizio/jack

l'america!!!

olaf balls up one huge farmer's fist. we think he's going to clobber jack,
but he swings round and punches sven, who flops backward onto the floor and
sits there, looking depressed. olaf forgets about jack and fabrizio, who
are dancing around, and goes into a rapid harangue of his stupid cousin.

jack kisses the tickets, then jumps on fabrizio's back and rides him around
the pub. it's like they won the lottery.

                                   jack

goin' home... to the land o' the free and the home of the real hot-dogs! on
the titanic!! we're ridin' in high style now! we're practically goddamned
royalty, ragazzo mio!!

                                 fabrizio

you see? is my destinio!! like i told you. i go to l'america!! to be a
millionaire!!

                                  (more)

                             fabrizio (cont'd)

                              (to pubkeeper)

capito?? i go to america!!

                                 pubkeeper

no, mate. titanic go to america. in five minutes.

                                   jack

shit!! come on, fabri!

                          (grabbing their stuff)

come on!!

                            (to all, grinning)

it's been grand.

they run for the door.

                                 pubkeeper

'course i'm sure if they knew it was you lot comin', they'd be pleased to
wait!

                                                                   cut to:

37 omitted

