59 int. palm court restaurant - day

close on j. bruce ismay, managing director of white star line.

                                   ismay

...and our master shipbuilder, mr. andrews here, designed her from the keel
plates up.

he indicates a handsome 39 year old irish gentlemen to his right, thomas
andrews, of harland and wolf shipbuilders.

wider, showing the group assembled for lunch the next day. ismay seated
with cal, rose, ruth, molly brown and thomas andrews in the palm court, a
beautiful sunny spot enclosed by high arched windows.

                                  andrews

                         (disliking the attention)

well, i may have knocked her together, but the idea was mr. ismay's. he
envisioned a steamer so grand in scale, and so luxurious in its
appointments, that its supremacy would never be challenged. and here she
is...

                           (he slaps the table)

...willed into solid reality.

                                   molly

why're ships always bein' called "she"? is it because men think half the
women around have big sterns and should be weighed in tonnage?

                             (they all laugh)

just another example of the men settin' the rules their way.

the waiter arrives to take orders. rose lights a cigarette.

                                   ruth

you know i don't like that, rose.

                                    cal

she knows.

cal takes the cigarette from her and stubs it out.

                                    cal

                              (to the waiter)

we'll both have the lamb. rare, with a little mint sauce.

                  (to rose, after the waiter moves away)

you like lamb, don't you sweetpea?

molly is watching the dynamic between rose, cal and ruth.

                                   molly

so, you gonna cut her meat for her too there, cal?

                            (turning to ismay)

hey, who came up with the name titanic? you, bruce?

                                   ismay

yes, actually. i wanted to convey sheer size. and size means stability,
luxury... and safety--

                                   rose

do you know of dr. freud? his ideas about the male preoccupation with size
might be of particular interest to you, mr. ismay.

andrews chockes on his breadstick, suppressing laughter.

                                   ruth

my god, rose, what's gotten into--

                                   rose

excuse me.

she stalks away.

                                   ruth

                                (mortified)

i do apologize.

                                   molly

she's a pistol, cal. you sure you can handle her?

                                    cal

                      (tense but feigning unconcern)

well, i may have to start minding what she reads from now on.

                                                                   cut to:

