221 ext. boat deck / port side - night

on the port side lightoller is getting people into boat 2. he keeps his
pistol in his hand at this point. twenty feet below them the sea is pouring
into the doors and windows of b deck staterooms. they can hear the roar of
water cascading into the ship.

                                lightoller

women and children, please. women and children only. step back, sir.

even with jack's arms wrapped around her, rose is shivering in the cold.
near her a woman with two young daughters looks into the eyes of a husband
she knows she may not see again

                                  husband

goodbye for a little while... only for a little while.

                         (to his two little girls)

go with mummy.

the woman stumbles to the boat with the children, hiding her tears from
them. beneath the false good cheer, the man is choked with emotion.

                                  husband

hold mummy's hand and be a good girl. that's right.

some of the women are stoic, others are overwhelmed by emotion and have to
be helped into the boats. a man scribbles a note and hands it to a woman
who is about to board.

                                    man

please get this to my wife in demoines, iowa.

jack looks at tommy and fabrizio.

                                   jack

you better check out the other side.

they nod and run off, searching for a way around the deckhouse.

                                   rose

i'm not going without you.

                                   jack

get in the boat, rose.

cal walks up just then.

                                    cal

yes. get in the boat, rose.

she is shocked to see him. she steps instinctively to jack. cal looks at
her, standing there shivering in her wet slip and stockings, a shocking
display in 1912.

                                    cal

my god, look at you.

                           (taking off his boat)

here, put this on.

she numbly shrugs into it. he is doing it for modesty, not the cold.

                                lightoller

quickly, ladies. step into the boat. hurry, please!

                                   jack

go on. i'll get the next one.

                                   rose

no. not without you!

she doesn't even care that cal is standing right there. he sees the emotion
between jack and rose and his jaw clenches. but then he leans close to her
and says...

                                    cal

                                   (low)

there are boats on the other side that are allowing men in. jack and i can
get off safely. both of us.

                                   jack

                         (he smiles reassuringly)

i'll be alright. hurry up so we can get going... we got our own boat to
catch.

                                    cal

get in... hurry up, it's almost full.

lightoller grabs her arm and pulls her toward the boat. she reaches out for
jack and her fingers brush his for a moment. then she finds herself
stepping down into the boat. it's all a rush and blur.

                                lightoller

lower away!

the two men watch at the rail as the boat begins to descend.

                                    cal

                                   (low)

you're a good liar.

                                   jack

almost as good as you.

                                    cal

i always win, jack. one way or another.

                          (looks at him, smiling)

pity i didn't keep that drawing. it's going to be worth a lot more by
morning.

jack knows he is screwed. he looks down at rose, not wanting to waste a
second of his last view of her.

222 rose's perception... in slow motion: the ropes going through the
pulleys as the seamen start to lower. all sound going away... lightoller
giving orders, his lips moving... but rose hears only the blood pounding in
her ears... this cannot be happening... a rocket bursts above in
slow-motion, outlining jack in a halo of light... rose's hair blowing in
slow motion as she gazes up at him, descending away from him... she sees
his hand trembling, the tears at the corners of his eyes, and cannot
believe the unbearable pain she is feeling...

rose is still staring up, tears pouring down her face.

suddenly she is moving. she lunges across the women next to her. reaches
the gunwale, climbing it...

hurls herself out of the boat to the rail of the a-deck promenade, catching
it, and scrambling over the rail. the boat 2 continues down. but rose is
back on titanic.

                                   jack

no rose! noooo!!

jack spins from the rail, running for the nearest way down to a-deck.

hockley too has seen her jump. she is willing to die for this man, this
gutter scum. he is overwhelmed by a rage so all consuming it eclipses all
thought.

                                                                   cut to:

