172 ext. boat deck - night

lightoller has his boats swung out. he is standing amidst a crowd of
uncertain passengers in all states of dress and undress. one first class
woman is barefoot. others are in stockings. the maitre of the restaurant is
in top hat and overcoat. others are still in evening dress, while some are
in bathrobes and kimonos. women are wearing lifebelts over velvet gowns,
then topping it with sble stoles. some brought jewels, others books, even
small dogs.

lightoller sees smith walking stiffly toward him and quickly goes to him.
he yells into the captain's ear, through cupped hands, over the roar of the
steam...

                                lightoller

hadn't we better get the women and children into the boats, sir?

smith just nods, a bit abstractly. the fire has gone out of him. lightoller
sees the awesome truth in smith's face.

                                lightoller

                               (to the men)

right! start the loading. women and children!

the appalling din of escaping steam abruptly cuts off, leaving a sudden
unearthly silence in which lightoller's voice echoes.

on wallace hartley raising his violin to play.

                                  hartley

number 26. ready and--

the band has reassembled just outside the first class entrance, port side,
near where lightoller is calling for the boats to be loaded. they strike up
a waltz, lively and elegant. the music wafts all over the ship.

                                lightoller

ladies, please. step into the boat.

finally one soman steps across the gap, into the boat, terrified of the
drop to the water far below.

                              woman in crowd

you watch. they'll put us off in these silly little boats to freeze, and
we'll all be back on board by breakfast.

cal, rose and ruth come out of the doors near the band.

                                   ruth

my brooch, i left my brooch. i must have it!

she turns back to go to her room but cal takes her by the arm, refusing to
let her go. the firmness of his hold surprises her.

                                    cal

stay here, ruth.

ruth sees his expression, and knows fear for the first time.

                                                                   cut to:

