24 int. lab deck, preservation area

rose looks at the drawing in its tray of water, confronting herself across
a span of 84 years. until they can figure out the best way to preserve it,
they have to keep it immersed. it sways and ripples, almost as if alive.

tight on rose's ancient eyes, gazing at the drawing.

25 flashcut of a man's hand, holding a conte crayon deftly creating a
shoulder and the shape of her hair with two efficient lines.

26 the woman's face in the drawing, dancing under the water.

27 a flashcut of a man's eyes, just visible over the top of a sketching
pad. they look up suddenly right into the lens. soft eyes, but fearlessly
direct.

28 rose smiles, remembering. brock has the reference photo of the necklace
in his hand.

                                  lovett

louis the sixteenth wore a fabulous stone, called the blue diamond of the
crown, which disappeared in 1792, about the time louis lost everything from
the neck up. the theory goes that the crown diamond was chopped too...
recut into a heart-like shape... and it became le coeur de la mer. the
heart of the ocean. today it would be worth more than the hope diamond.

                                   rose

it was a dreadful, heavy thing.

                        (she points at the drawing)

i only wore it this once.

                                   lizzy

you actually believe this is you, grandma?

                                   rose

it is me, dear. wasn't i a hot number?

                                  lovett

i tracked it down through insurance records... and old claim that was
settled under terms of absolute secrecy. do you know who the claiment was,
rost?

                                   rose

someone named hockley, i should imagine.

                                  lovett

nathan hockley, right. pittsburgh steel tycoon. for a diamond necklace his
son caledon hockley bought in france for his fiancee... you... a week
before he sailed on titanic. and the claim was filed right after the
sinking. so the diamond had to've gone down with the ship.

                                (to lizzy)

see the date?

                                   lizzy

april 14, 1912.

                                  lovett

if your grandma is who she says she is, she was wearing the diamond the day
titanic sank.

                                  (more)

                              lovett (cont'd)

                                 (to rose)

and that makes you my new best friend. i will happily compensate you for
anything you can tell us that will lead to its recovery.

                                   rose

i don't want your money, mr. lovett. i know how hard it is for people who
care greatly for money to give some away.

                                  bodine

                                (skeptical)

you don't want anything?

                                   rose

                         (indicating the drawing)

you may give me this, if anything i tell you is of value.

                                  lovett

deal.

                            (crossing the room)

over here are a few things we've recovered from your staterooms.

laid out on a worktable are fifty or so objects, from mundane to valuable.
rose, shrunken in her chair, can barely see over the table top. with a
trembling hand she lifts a tortoise shell hand mirror, inlaid with mother
of pearl. she caresses it wonderingly.

                                   rose

this was mine. how extraordinary! it looks the same as the last time i saw
it.

she turns the mirror over and looks at her ancient face in the cracked
glass.

                                   rose

the reflection has changed a bit.

she spies something else, a silver and moonstone art-nouveau brooch.

                                   rose

my mother's brooch. she wanted to go back for it. caused quite a fuss.

rose picks up an ornate art-nouveau hair comb. a jade butterfly takes
flight on the ebony handle of the comb. she turns it slowly, remembering.
we can see that rose is experiencing a rush of images and emotions that
have lain dormant for eight decades as she handles the butterfly comb.

                                  lovett

are you ready to go back to titanic?

                                                                   cut to:

