87 int. third class general room

the scene is rowdy and rollicking. a table gets knocked over as a drunk
crashes into it. and in the middle of it... rose dancing with jack in her
stocking feet. the steps are fast and she shines with sweat. a space opens
around them, and people watch them, clapping as the band plays faster and
faster.

fabrizio and helga. dancing has obviated the need for a common language. he
whirls her, then she responds by whirling him... fabrizio's eyes go wide
when he realizes she's stronger than he is.

the tune ends in a mad rush. jack steps away from rose with a flourish,
allowing her to take a bow. exhilarated and slightly tipsy, she does a
graceful ballet ployer, feet turned out perfectly. everyone laughs and
applauds. rose is a hit with the steerage folks, who've never had a lady
party with them.

they move to a table, flushed and sweaty. rose grabs fabrizio's cigarette
and takes a big drag. she's feeling cocky. fabrizio is grinning, holding
hands with helga.

                                   jack

how you two doin'?

                                 fabrizio

i don't know hwat she's say, she don't know what i say, so we get along
fine.

tommy walks up with a pint for each of them. rose chugs hers, showing off.

                                   rose

you think a first class girl can't drink?

everybody else is dancing again, and bjorn gundersen crashes into tommy,
who sloshes his beer over rose's dress. she laughs, not caring. but tommy
lunges, grabbing bjorn and wheeling him around.

                                   tommy

you stupid bastard!!

bjorn comes around, his fists coming up... and jack leaps into the middle
of it, pushing them apart.

                                   jack

boys, boys! did i ever tell you the one about the swede and the irishman
goin' to the whorehouse?

tommy stands there, all piss and vinegar, chest puffed up. then he grins
and claps bjorn on the shoulder.

                                   rose

so, you think you're big tough men? let's see you do this.

in her stocking feet she assumes a ballet stance, arms raised, and goes up
on point, taking her entire weight on the tips of her toes. the guys gape
at her incredible muscle control. she comes back down, then her face screws
up in pain. she grabs one foot, hopping around.

                                   rose

oooowww! i haven't done that in years.

jack catches her as she loses her balance, and everyone cracks up.

the door to the well deck is open a few inches as lovejoy watches through
the gap. he sees jack holding rose, both of them laughing.

lovejoy closes the door.

                                                                   cut to:

