17 int. house / ceramics studio

pull back from the screen, showing the cnn report playing on a tv set in
the living room of a small rustic house. it is full of ceramics, figurines,
folk art, the walls crammed with drawings and paintings... things collected
over a lifetime.

panning to show a glassed-in studio attached to the house. outside it is a
quiet morning in ojai, california. in the studio, amid incredible clutter,
an ancient woman is throwing a pot on a potter's wheel. the liquid red clay
covers her hands... hands that are gnarled and age-spotted, but still
surprisingly strong and supple. a woman in her early forties assists her.

                               lovett (v.o.)

i've planned this expedition for three years, and we're out here recovering
some amazing things... things that will have enormous historical and
educational value.

                            cnn reporter (v.o.)

but it's no secret that education is not your main purpose. you're a
treasure hunter. so what is the treasure you're hunting?

                               lovett (v.o.)

i'd rather show you than tell you, and we think we're very close to doing
just that.

the old woman's name is rose calvert. her face is a wrinkled mass, her body
shapeless and shrunken under a one-piece african-print dress.

but her eyes are just as bright and alive as those of a young girl.

rose gets up and walks into the living room, wiping pottery clay from her
hands with a rag. a pomeranian dog gets up and comes in with her.

the younger soman, lizzy calvert, rushes to help her.

                                   rose

turn that up please, dear.

                              reporter (v.o.)

your expedition is at the center of a storm of controversy over salvage
rights and even ethics. many are calling you a grave robber.

tight on the screen.

                                  lovett

nobody called the recovery of the artifacts from king tut's tomb grave
robbing. i have museum-trained experts here, making sure this stuff is
preserved and catalogued properly. look at this drawing, which was found
today...

the video camera pans off brock to the drawing, in a tray of water. the
image of the woman with the necklace fills frame.

                                  lovett

...a piece of paper that's been underwater for 84 years... and my team are
able to preserve it intanct. should this have remained unseen at the bottom
of the ocean for eternity, when we can see it and enjoy it now...?

rose is galvanized by this image. her mouth hangs open in amazement.

                                   rose

i'll be god damned.

                                                                   cut to:

