ext. boat deck / bridge

242 in a wide shot we see a wave travel up the boat deck as the bridge
house sinks into the water.

243 on the port side collapsible b is picked up by water. working
frantically, the men try to detach it from the falls so the ship won't drag
it under. colonel gracie hands lightoller a pocket knife and he saws
furiously at the ropes as the water swirls around his legs. the boat, still
upside down, is swept off the ship. men start diving in, swimming to stay
with it.

244 in collapsible a cal sits next to the wailing child, whom he has
completely forgotten. he watches the water rising around the men as they
work, scrambling to get the ropes cut so the ship won't drag the
collapsible under.

fabrizio removes the lifebelt from tommy's body and struggles to put it on
as the water rises around him.

245 captain smith, standing near the wheel, watches the black water
climbing the windows of the enclosed wheelhouse. he has the stricken
expression of a damned sould on judgment day. the windows burst suddenly
and a wall of water edged with shards of glass slams into smith. he
disappears in a vortex of foam.

246 collapsible a is hit by a wave as the bow plunges suddenly. it
partially swamps the boat, washing it along the deck. over a hundred
passengers are plunged into the freezing water and the area around the boat
becomes a frenzy of splashing, screaming people.

as men are trying to climb into the callapsible, cal grabs an oar and
pushes them back into the water.

                                    cal

get back! you'll swamp us!

fabrizio, swimming for his life, gets swirled under a davit. the ropes and
pulleys tangle around him as the davit goes under the water, and he is
dragged down. underwater he struggles to free himself, and then kicks back
to the surface. he surfaces, gasping for air in the freezing water.

247 wallace hartley sees the water rolling rapidly up the deck toward them.
he holds the last note of the hymn in a sustain, and then lowers his
violin.

                                  hartley

gentlemen, it has been a previlege playing with you tonight.

                                                                   cut to:

