103 int. rose's suite

... 1912. like in a dream the beautiful woodwork and satin upholstery
emerge from the rusted ruin. jack is overwhelmed by the opulence of the
room. he sets his sketchbood and drawing materials on the marble table.

                                   rose

will this light do? don't artists need good light?

                                   jack

                            (bad french accent)

zat is true, i am not used to working in such 'orreeble conditions.

                          (seeing the paintings)

hey... monet!

he crouches next to the paintings stacked against the wall.

                                   jack

isn't he great... the use of color? i saw him once... through a hole in
this garden fence in giverny.

she goes into the adjoining walk-in wardrobe closet. he sees her go to the
safe and start working the combination. he's fascinated.

                                   rose

cal insist on luggin this thing everywhere.

                                   jack

should i be expecting him anytime soon?

                                   rose

not as long as the cigars and brandy hold out.

clunk! she unlocks the safe. glancing up, she meets his eyes in the mirror
behind the safe. she opens it and removes the necklace, then holds it out
to jack who takes it nervously.

                                   jack

what is it? a sapphire?

                                   rose

a diamond. a very rare diamond, called the heart of the ocean.

jack gazes at wealth beyond his comprehension.

                                   rose

i want you to draw me like your french girl. wearing this.

                            (she smiles at him)

wearing only this.

he looks up at her, surprised, and we cut to:

104 rose's bedroom. on the butterfly comb as rose draws it out of her hair.
she shakes her head and her hair falls free around her shoulders.

105 in the sitting room jack is laying out his pencils like surgical tools.
his sketchbook is open and ready. he looks up as she comes into the room,
wearing a silk kimono.

                                   rose

the last thing i need is another picture of me looking like a china doll.
as a paying customer, i expect to get what i want.

she hands him a dime and steps back, parting the kimono. the blue stone
lies on her creamy breast. her heart is pounding as she slowly lowers the
robe.

jakc looks so stricken, it is almost comical. the kimono drops to the floor
(this is all in cuts, lyrical).

                                   rose

tell me when it looks right to you.

she poses on the divan, settling like a cat into the position we remember
from the drawing... almost.

                                   jack

uh... just bend your left leg a little and... and lower your head. eyes to
me. that's it.

jack starts to sketch. he drops his pencil and she stifles a laugh.

                                   rose

i believe you are blushing, mr. big artiste. i can't imagine monsieur monet
blushing.

                                   jack

                                (sweating)

he does landscapes.

tight on jack as his eyes come up to look at her over the top edge of his
sketchpad. we have seen this image of him before, in her memory. it is an
image she will carry the rest of her life.

despite his nervousness, he draws with sure strokes, and what emerges is
the best thing he has ever done. her pose is languid, her hands beautiful,
and her eyes radiate her energy.

push slowly in on rose's face...

                                                               transition:

