197 ext. boat deck

on the boat deck, the action has moved to the aft group of boats, numbers
9, 11, 13 and 15 on the starboard side, and 10, 12, 14 and 16 on the port
side. the pace of work is more frantic. you see crew and officers running
now to work the davits, their previous complacency gone.

cal pushes through the crowd, scanning for rose. around him is chaos and
confusion. a woman is calling for a child who has become seperated from the
crowd. a man is shouting over people's heads. a woman takes hold of second
officer lightoller's arm as he is about to launch boat 10.

                                   woman

will you hold the boat a moment? i have to run back to my room for
something--

lightoller grabs her and shoves her bodily into the boat. thomas andrews
rushes up to him just then.

                                  andrews

why are the boats being launched half full?!

lightoller steps past him, helping a seaman clear a snarled fall.

                                lightoller

not now, mr. andrews.

                                  andrews

                       (pointing down at the water)

there, look... twenty or so in a boat built for sixty five. and i saw one
boat with only twelve. twelve!

                                lightoller

well... we were not sure of the weight--

                                  andrews

rubbish! they were tested in belfast with the weight of 70 men. now fill
these boats, mr. lightoller. for god's sake, man!

the shot hands off to cal, who sees lovejoy hurrying toward him through the
aisle connecting the port and starboard sides of the boat deck.

                                  lovejoy

she's not on the starboard side either.

                                    cal

we're running out of time. and this strutting martinet...

                          (indicating lightoller)

...isn't letting any men in at all.

                                  lovejoy

the one on the other side is letting men in.

                                    cal

then that's our play. but we're still going to need some insurance.

                          (he starts off forward)

come on.

cal charges off, heading forward, followed by lovejoy. the shot hands off
to a finely dressed elderly couple, ida and isador strauss.

                                  isador

please, ida, get into the boat.

                                    ida

no. we've been together for forty years, and where

                                  (more)

                               ida (cont'd)

you go, i go. don't argue with me, isador, you know it does no good.

he looks at her with sadness and great love. they embrace gently.

                                lightoller

lower away!!

                                                                   cut to:

