236 ext. boat deck and various locations

the band finishes the waltz. wallace hartley looks at the orchestra
members.

                                  hartley

right, that's it then.

they leave him, walking forward along the deck. hartley puts his violin to
his chin and bows the first notes of "nearer my god to thee". one by one
the band memebers turn, hearing the lonely melody.

without a word they walk back and take their places. they join in with
hartley, filling out the sound so that it reaches all over the ship on this
still night. the vocalist begins: "if in my dreams i be, nearer my god to
thee..."

the hymn plays over the following sequence:

237 a seaman pulls off his lifebelt and catches up to captain smith as he
walks to the bridge. he proffers it, but smith seems to stare through him.
without a word he turns and goes onto the bridge. he enters the enclosed
wheelhouse and closes the door. he is alone, surrounded by the gleaming
brass instruments. he seems to inwardly collapse.

238 in the first class smoking room andrews stands like a statue. he pulls
out his pocketwatch and checks the time. then he opens the face of the
mantle clock and adjusts it to the correct time: 2:12 a.m. everything must
be correct.

239 in cal's parlour suite water swirls in from the private promenade deck.
rose's paintings are submerged. the picasso tranforms under the water's
surface. degas' colors run. monet's water lilies come to life.

240 downangle on the two figures lying side by side, fully clothed, on a
bed in a first class cabin. elderly ida and isador strauss stare at the
ceiling, holding hands like young lovers. water pours into the room through
a doorway. it swirls around the bed, two feet deep rising fast.

241 in a steerage cabin somewhere in the bowels of the ship, the young
irish mother, seen earlier stoically waiting at the stairs, is tucking her
two young children into bed. she pulls up the covers, making sure they are
all warm and cozy. she lies down with them on the bed, speaking soothingly
and holding them.

                                                                   cut to:

