260 ext. stern

on the poop deck jack and rose struggle aft as the angle increases.
hundreds of passengers, clinging to every fixed object on deck, huddle on
their knees around father byles, who has his voice raised in prayer. they
are praying, sobbing, or just staring at nothing, their minds blank with
dread.

pulling himself from handhold to handhold, jack tugs rose aft along the
deck.

                                   jack

come on, rose. we can't expect god to do all the work for us.

they struggle on, pushing through the praying people. a man loses his
footing ahead and slides toward them. jack helps him.

261 the propellers are twenty feet above the water and rising faster.

262 jack and rose make it to the stern rail, right at the base of the
flagpole. they grip the rai, jammed in between other people. it is the spot
where jack pulled her back onto the ship, just two night... and a
liftime... ago.

above the wailing and sobbing, father byles' voice carries, cracking with
emotion.

                               father byles

...and i saw new heavens and a new earth. the former heavens and the former
earth had passed away and the sea was no longer.

the lights flicker, threatening to go out. rose grips jack as the stern
rises into a night sky ablaze with stars.

                               father byles

i also saw a new jerusalem, the holy city coming down out of heaven from
god, beautiful as a bride prepared to meet her husband. i heard a loud
voice from the throne ring out this is god's dwelling among men. he shall
dwell with them and they shall be his people and he shall be their god who
is alway with them.

rose stares about her at the faces of the doomed. near them are the dahl
family, clinging together stoically. helga looks at her briefly, and her
eyes are infinitely sad.

rose sees a young mother next to her, clutching her five year old son, who
is crying in terror.

                                  mother

shhh. don't cry. it'll be over soon, darling. it'll all be over soon.

                               father byles

he shall wipe every tear from their eyes. and there shall be no more death
or mourning, crying out or pain, for the former world has passed away.

                                                                   cut to:

