72 int. third class general room

the social center of steerage life. it is stark by comparison to the
opulence of first class, but is a loud, boisterous place. there are mothers
with babies, kids running between the benches yelling in several languages
and being scolded in several more. there are old women yelling, men playing
chess, girls doing needlepoint and reading dime novels. there is even an
upright piano and tommy ryan is noodling around it.

three boys, shrieking and shouting, are scrambling around chasing a rat
under the benches, trying to whomp it with a shoe and causing general
havoc. jack is playing with 5 year old cora cartmell, drawing funny faces
together in his sketchbook.

fabrizio is struggling to get a conversation going with an attractive
norwegian girl, helga dahl, sitting with her family at a table across the
room.

                                 fabrizio

no italian? some little english?

                                   helga

no, no. norwegian. only.

helga's eye is caught by something. fabrizio looks, does a take... and
jack, curious, follows their gaze to see...

rose, coming toward them. the activity in the room stops... a hush falls.
rose feels suddenly self-conscious as the steerage passengers stare openly
at this princess, some with resentment, others with awe. she spots jack and
gives a little smile, walking straight to him. he rises to meet her,
smiling.

                                   rose

hello jack.

fabrizio and tommy are floored. its like the slipper fitting cinderella.

                                   jack

hello again.

                                   rose

could i speak to you in private?

                                   jack

uh, yes. of course. after you.

he motions her ahead and follows. jack glances over his shoulder, one
eyebrow raised, as he walks out with her leaving a stunned silence.

                                                                   cut to:

