34 ext. southampton dock - day

shot continues in a florious reveal as the gleaming white superstructure of
titanic rises mountainously beyond the rail, and above that the
buff-colored funnels stand against the sky like the pillars of a great
temple. crewmen move across the deck, dwarfed by the awesome scale of the
steamer.

southanmpton, england, april 10, 1912. it is almost nnon on ailing day. a
crowd of hundreds blackens the pier next to titanic like ants on a jelly
sandwich.

in fg a gorgeous burgundy renault touring car swings into frame, hanging
from a loading crane. it is lowered toward hatch #2.

on the pier horsedrawn vehicles, motorcars and lorries move slowly through
the dense throng. the atmosphere is one of excitement and general
giddiness. people embrace in tearful farewells, or wave and shout bon
voyage wishes to friends and relatives on the decks above.

a white renault, leading a silver-gray daimler-benz, pushes through the
crowd leaving a wake in the press of people. around the handsome cars
people are streaming to board the ship, jostling with hustling seamen and
stokers, porters, and barking white star line officials.

the renault stops and the liveried driver scurries to open the door for a
young woman dressed in a stunning white and purple outfit, with an enormous
feathered hat. she is 17 years old and beautiful, regal of bearing, with
piercing eyes.

it is the girl in the drawing. rose. she looks up at the ship, taking it in
with cool appraisal.

                                   rose

i don't see what all the fuss is about. it doesn't look any bigger than the
mauretania.

a personal valet opens the door on the other side of the car for caledon
hockley, the 30 year old heir to the elder hockley's fortune. "cal" is
handsome, arrogant and rich beyond meaning.

                                    cal

you can be blase about some things, rose, but not about titanic. it's over
a hundred feet longer than mauretania, and far more luxurious. it has
squash courts, a parisian cafe... even turkish baths.

cal turns and fives his hand to rose's mother, ruth dewitt bukater, who
descends from the touring car being him. ruth is a 40ish society empress,
from one of the most prominent philadelphia families. she is a widow, and
rules her household with iron will.

                                    cal

your daughter is much too hard to impress, ruth.

                           (indicating a puddle)

mind your step.

                                   ruth

                         (gazing at the leviathan)

so this is the ship they say is unsinkable.

                                    cal

it is unsinkable. god himself couldn't sink this ship.

cal speaks with the pride of a host providing a special experience.

this entire entourage of rich americans is impeccably turned out, a
quintessential example of the edwardian upper class, complete with
servants. cal's valet, spicer lovejoy, is a tall and impassive, dour as an
undertaker. behind him emerge two maids, personal servants to ruth and
rose.

a white star line porter scurries toward them, harried by last minute
loading.

                                  porter

sir, you'll have to check your baggage through the main terminal, round
that way--

cal nonchalantly hands the man a fiver. the porter's eyes dilate. five
pounds was a monster tip in those days.

                                    cal

i put my faith in you, good sir.

                                  (more)

                               cal (cont'd)

                       (curtly, indicating lovejoy)

see my man.

                                  porter

yes, sir. my pleasure, sir.

cal never tires of the effect of money on the unwashed masses.

                                  lovejoy

                              (to the porter)

these trunks here, and 12 more in the daimler. we'll have all this lot up
in the rooms.

the white star man looks stricken when he sees the enormous pile of steamer
trunks and suitcases loading down the second car, including wooden crates
and steel safe. he whistles frantically for some cargo-handlers nearby who
come running.

cal breezes on, leaving the minions to scramble. he quickly checks his
pocket watch.

                                    cal

we'd better hurry. this way, ladies.

he indicates the way toward the first class gangway. they move into the
crowd. trudy bolt, rose's maid, hustles behind them, laden with bags of her
mistress's most recent purchases... things too delicate for the baggage
handlers.

cal leads, weaving between vehicles and handcarts, hurrying passengers
(mostly second class and steerage) and well-wishers. most of the first
class passengers are avoiding the smelly press of the dockside crowd by
using an elevated boarding bridge, twenty feet above.

they pass a line of steerage passengers in their coarse wool and tweeds,
queued up inside movable barriers like cattle in a chute. a health officer
examines their heads one by one, checking scalp and eyelashes for lice.

they pass a well-dressed young man cranking the handle of a wooden biograph
"cinematograph" camera mounted on a tripod. naniel marvin (whose father
founded the biograph film studio) is filming his young bride in front of
the titanic. mary marvin stands stiffly and smiles, self conscious.

                                  daniel

look up at the ship, darling, that's it. you're amazed! you can't believe
how big it is! like a mountain. that's great.

mary marvin, without an acting fiber in her body, does a bad clara bow
pantomime of awe, hands raised.

cal is jostled by two yelling steerage boys who shove past him. and he is
bumped again a second later by the boys' father.

                                    cal

steady!!

                                    man

sorry squire!

the cockney father pushes on, after his kids, shouting.

                                    cal

steerage swine. apparently missed his annual bath.

                                   ruth

honestly, cal, if you weren't forever booking everything at the last
instant, we could have gone through the terminal instead of running along
the dock like some squalid immigrant family.

                                    cal

all part of my charm, ruth. at any rate, it was my darling fiancee's beauty
rituals which made us late.

                                   rose

you told me to change.

                                    cal

i couldn't let you wear black on sailing day, sweetpea. it's bad luck.

                                   rose

i felt like black.

cal guides them out of the path of a horse-drawn wagon loaded down with two
tons of oxford marmalade, in wooden cases, for titanic's victualling
department.

                                    cal

here i've pulled every string i could to book us on the grandest ship in
history, in her most luxurious suites... and you act as if you're going to
your execution.

rose looks up as the hull of titanic looms over them...a great iron wall,
bible black and sever. cal motions her forward, and she enters the gangway
to the d deck doors with a sense of overwhelming dread.

                              old rose (v.o.)

it was the ship of dreams... to everyone else. to me it was a slave ship,
taking me back to america in chains.

close on cal's hand in slow-motion as it closes possessively over rose's
arm. he escorts her up the gangway and the black hull of titanic swallows
them.

                              old rose (v.o.)

outwardly i was everything a well brought up girl should be. inside, i was
screaming.

35 cut to a screaming blast from the mighty triple steam horns on titanic's
funnels, bellowing their departure warning.

                                                                   cut to:

