38 ext. terminal - titanic

jack and fabrizio, carrying everything they own in the world in the kit
bags on their shoulders, sprint toward the pier. they tear through milling
crowds next to the terminal. shouts go up behind them as they jostle
slow-moving gentlemen. they dodge piles of luggage, and weave through
groups of people. they burst out onto the pier and jack comes to a dead
stop... staring at the cast wall of the ship's hull, towering seven stories
above the wharf and over an eighth of a mile long. the titanic is
monstrous.

fabrizio runs back and grabs jack, and they sprint toward the third class
gangway aft, at e deck. they reach the bottom of the ramp just as sixth
officer moody detaches it at the top. it starts to swing down from the
gangway doors.

                                   jack

wait!! we're passengers!

flushed and panting, he waves the tickets.

                                   moody

have you been through the inspection queue?

                                   jack

                            (lying cheerfully)

of course! anyway, we don't have lice, we're americans.

                           (glances at fabrizio)

both of us.

                                   moody

                                  (testy)

right, come aboard.

moody has quartermaster rowe reattach the gangway. jack and fabrizio come
aboard. moody glances at the tickets, then passes jack and fabrizio through
to rowe. rowe looks at the names on the tickets to enter them in the
passenger list.

                                   rowe

gundersen. and...

                           (reading fabrizio's)

gundersen.

he hands the tickets back, eyeing fabrizio's mediterranean looks
suspiciously.

                                   jack

                         (grabbing fabrizio's arm)

come on, sven.

jack and fabrizio whoop with victory as they run down the white-painted
corridero... grinning from ear to ear.

                                   jack

we are the luckiest sons of bitches in the world!

                                                                   cut to:

39 omitted

