60 ext. poop deck / after decks - day

jack sits on a bench in the sun. titanic's wake spreads out behind him to
the horizon. he has his knees pulled up, supporting a leather bound
sketching pad, his only valuable possession. with conte crayon he draws
rapidly, using sure strokes. an emigrant from manchester named cartmell has
his 3 year old daughter cora standing on the lower rung of the rail. she is
leaned back against his beer barrel of a stomach, watching the seagulls.

the sketch captures them perfectly, with a great sense of the humanity of
the moment. jack is good. really good. fabrizio looks over jack's shoulder.
he nods appreciatively.

tommy ryan, a scowling young irish emigrant, watches as a crewmember comes
by, walking three small dogs around the deck. one of them, a black french
bulldog, is among the ugliest creatures on the planet.

                                   tommy

that's typical. first class dogs come down here to take a shit.

jack looks up from his sketch.

                                   jack

that's so we know where we rank in the scheme of things.

                                   tommy

like we could forget.

jack glances across the well deck. at the aft railing of b deck promenade
stands rose, in a long yellow dress and white gloves.

close on jack, unable to take his eyes off of her. they are across from
each other, about 60 feet apart, with the well deck like a valley between
them. she on her promontory, he on his much lower one. she stares down at
the water.

he watches her unpin her elaborate hat and take it off. she looks at the
frilly absurd thing, then tosses it over the rail. it sails far down to the
water and is carried away, astern. a spot of yellow in the vast ocean. he
is riveted by her. she looks like a figure in a romantic novel, sad and
isolated.

fabrizio taps tommy and they both look at jack gazin at rose. fabrizio and
tommy grin at each other.

rose turns suddenly and looks right at jack. he is caught staring, but he
doesn't look away. she does, but then looks back. their eyes meet across
the space of the well deck, across the gulf between worlds.

jack sees a man (cal) come up behind her and take her arm. she jerks her
arm away. they argue in pantomime. she storms away, and he goes after her,
disappearing along the a-deck promenade. jack stares after her.

                                   tommy

forget it, boyo. you'd as like have angels fly out o' yer arse as get next
to the likes o' her.

                                                                   cut to:

