15 int. lab deck, preservation room - day

technicians are carefully removing some papers from the safe and placing
them in a tray of water to separate them safely. nearby, other artifacts
from the stateroom are being washed and preserved.

buell is on the satellite phone with the investors. lovett is yelling at
the video crew.

                                  lovett

you send out what i tell you when i tell you. i'm signing your paychecks,
not 60 minutes. now get set up for the uplink.

buell covers the phone and turns to lovett.

                                   buell

the partners want to know how it's going?

                                  lovett

how it's going? it's going like a first date in prison, whattaya think?!

lovett grabs the phone from buell and goes instantly smooth.

                                  lovett

hi, dave? barry? look, it wasn't in the safe... no, look, don't worry about
it, there're still plenty of places it could be... in the floor debris in
the suite, in the mother's room, in the purser's safe on c deck...

                            (seeing something)

hang on a second.

a tech coaxes some letters in the water tray to one side with a tong...
revealing a pencil (conte crayon) drawing of a woman.

brock looks closely at the drawing, which is in excellent shape, though its
edges have partially disintegrated. the woman is beautiful, and beautifully
rendered. in her late teens or early twenties, she is nude, though posed
with a kind of casual modesty. she is on an empire divan, in a pool of
light that seems to radiate outward from her eyes. scrawled in the lower
right corner is the date: april 14 1912. and the initials jd.

the girl is not entirely nude. at her throat is a diamond necklace with one
large stone hanging in the center.

lovett grabs a reference photo from the clutter on the lab table. it is a
period black-and-white photo of a diamond necklace on a black velvet
jeller's display stand. he holds it next to the drawing. it is clearly the
same piece... a complex setting with a massive central stone which is
almost heart-shaped.

                                  lovett

i'll be god damned.

                                                                   cut to:

16 insert

a cnn news story: a live satellite feed from the deck of the keldysh,
intercut with the cnn studio.

                                 announcer

treasure hunter brock lovett is best known for finding spanish gold in
sunken galleons in the caribbean. now he is using deep submergence
technology to work two and a half miles down at another famous wreck... the
titanic. he is with us live via satellite from a russian research ship in
the middle of the atlantic... hello brock?

                                  lovett

yes, hi, tracy. you know, titanic is not just a shipwrick, titanic is the
shipwreck. it's the mount everest of shipwrecks.

                                                                   cut to:

