46 int. suite b-52-56 - day

by contrast, the so-called "millionaire suite" is in the empire style, and
comprises two bedrooms, a bath, wc, wardrobe room, and a large sitting
room. in addition there is a private 50 foot promenade deck outside.

a room service waiter pours champagne into a tulip glass of orange juice
and hands the bucks fizz to rose. she is looking through her new paintings.
there is a monet of water lilies, a degas of dancers, and a few abstract
works. they are all unknown paintings... lost works.

cal is out on the covered deck, which has potted trees and vines on
trellises, talking through the doorway to rose in the sitting room.

                                    cal

those mud puddles were certainly a waste of money.

                                   rose

                      (looking at a cubist portrait)

you're wrong. they're fascinating. like in a dream... there's truth without
logic. what's his name again... ?

                         (reading off the canvas)

picasso.

                                    cal

                      (coming into the sitting room)

he'll never amount to a thing, trust me. at least they were cheap.

a porter wheels cal's private safe (which we recognize) into the room on a
handtruck.

                                    cal

put that in the wardrobe.

47 in the bedroom rose enters with the large degas of the dancers. she sets
it on the dresser, near the canopy bed. trudy is already in there, hanging
up some of rose's clothes.

                                   trudy

it smells so brand new. like they built it all just for us. i mean... just
to think that tonight, when i crawl between the sheets, iill be the first--

cal appears in the doorway of the bedroom.

                                    cal

                             (looking at rose)

and when i crawl between the sheets tonight, i'll still be the first.

                                   trudy

                        (blushing at the innuendo)

s'cuse me, miss.

she edges around cal and makes a quick exit. cal comes up behind rose and
puts his hands on her shoulders. an act of possession, not intimacy.

                                    cal

the first and only. forever.

rose's expression shows how bleak a prospect this is for her, now.

                                                                   cut to:

