225 int. dining saloon

lovejoy moves among the tables and ornate columns, searching...
listening... his eyes tracking rapidly. it is a sea of tables, and they
could be anywhere. a silver serving tolley rolls downhill, bumping into
tables and pillars.

he glances behind him. the water is following him into the room, advancing
in a hundred foot wide tide. the reception room is now a roiling lake, and
the grand staircase is submerged past the first landing. monstrous groans
echo through the ship.

on jack and rose, crouched behind a table, somewhere in the middle. they
see the water advancing toward them, swirling over the floor. they crawl
ahead of it to the next row of tables.

                                   jack

                               (whispering)

stay here.

he moves off as--

lovejoy moves over one row and looks along the tables. nothing.

the ship groans and creaks. he moves another row.

angle on a metal cart... five feet tall and full of stacks of china dishes.
it starts to roll down the aisle between tables.

on rose as the cart rolls toward her. it hits a table and the stacks of
dishes topple out, exploding across the floor and showering her.

she scrambles out of the way and--

lovejoy spins, seeing her. he moves rapidly toward her, keeping the gun
aimed--

that's when jack tackles him from the side. they slam together into a
table, crashing over it, and toppling to the floor. they land in the water
which is flowing rapidly between the tables.

jack and lovejoy grapple in the icy water. jack jams his knee down on
lovejoy's hand, breaking his grip on the pistol, and kicks it away. lovejoy
scrmbles up and lunges at him, but jack gutpuches him right in the solar
plexus, doubling him over.

                                   jack

compliments of the chippewa falls dawsons.

he grabs lovejoy and slams him into an ornate columb. lovejoy drops to the
floor with a splas, stunned.

                                   jack

let's go.

jack and rose run aft... uphill... entering the galley. behind them the
tables have become islands in a lake... and the far end of the room is
flooded up to the ceiling.

lovejoy gets up and looks around for his gun. he pulls it up out of the
water and wades after them.

                                                                   cut to:

