201 int. e-deck corridors and stairwell

fabrizio, standing with helga dahl and her family, hears jack's voice.

                                   jack

fabrizio! fabri!

fabrizio turns and sees jack and rose pushing through the crowd. he and
jack hug like brothers.

                                 fabrizio

the boats are all going.

                                   jack

we gotta get up there or we're gonna be gargling saltwater. where's tommy?

fabrizio points over the heads of the solidly packed crowd to the
stairwell.

tommy has his hands on the bars of the steel gate which blocks the head of
the stairwell. the crew open the gate a foot or so and a few women are
squeezing through.

                                steward #2

women only. no men. no men!!

but some terrified men, not understanding english, try to rush through the
gap, forcing the gate open. the crewmen and stewards push them back,
shoving and punching them.

                                steward #2

get back! get back you lot!

                             (to the crewmen)

lock it!!

they struggle to get the gate closed again, while steward #2 brandishes a
small revolver. another holds a fire axe. they lock the gate, and a cry
goes up among the crowd, who surge forward, pounding against the steel and
shouting in several languages.

                                   tommy

for the love of god, man, there are children down here! let us up, so we
can have a chance!

but the crewmen are scared now. they have let the situation get out of
hand, and now they have a mob. tommy gives up and pushes his way back
through the crowd, going down the stairs. he rejoins jack, rose and
fabrizio.

                                   tommy

it's hopeless that way.

                                   jack

well, whatever we're goin' to do, we better do it fast.

fabrizio turns to helga, praying he can make himself understood.

                                 fabrizio

                       (with a lot of hand gestures)

everyone... all of you... come with me now. we go to the boats. we go to
the boats. capito? come now!

they can't understand what he's saying. they can see his urgency, but oluf
dahl, the patriarch of the family, shakes his head. he will not panic, and
will not let his family go with this boy. fabrizio turns to helga.

                                 fabrizio

helga... per favore... please... come with me, i am lucky. is my destiny to
go to america.

she kisses him, then steps back to be with her family. jack lays a hand on
his shoulder, his eyes saying "let's go".

                                 fabrizio

i will never forget you.

he turns to jack, who leads the way out of the crowd. looking back fabrizio
sees her face disappear into the crowd.

                                                                   cut to:

202 omitted

203 omitted

