300 ext. deck / carpathia - day

it is the afternoon of the 15th. cal is searching the faces of the widows
lining the deck, looking for rose. the deck of carpathia is crammed with
huddled people, and even the recovered lifeboats of titanic. on a hatch
cover sits an enormous pile of lifebelts.

he keeps walking toward the stern. seeing cal's tuxedo, a steward
approaches him.

                             carpathia steward

you won't find any of your people back here, sir. it's all steerage.

cal ignores him and goes amongst this wrecked group, looking under shawls
and blankets at one bleak face after another.

rose is sipping hot tea. her eyes focus on him as he approaches her. he
barely recognizes her. she looks like a refugee, her matted hair hanging in
her eyes.

                                   rose

yes, i lived. how awkward for you.

                                    cal

rose... your mother and i have been looking for you--

she holds up her hand, stopping him.

                                   rose

please don't. don't talk. just listen. we will make a deal, since that is
something you understand. from this moment you do not exist for me, nor i
for you. you shall not see me again. and you will not attempt to find me.
in return i will keep my silence. your actions last night need never come
to light, and you will get to keep the honor you have carefully purchased.

she fixes him with a glare as cold and hard as the ice which changed their
lives.

                                   rose

is this in any way unclear?

                                    cal

                            (after a long beat)

what do i tell your mother?

                                   rose

tell her that her daughter died with the titanic.

she stands, turning to the rail. dismissing him. we see cal stricken with
emotion.

                                    cal

you're precious to me, rose.

                                   rose

jewels are precious. goodbye, mr. hockley.

we see that in his way, the only way he knows, he does truly love her.

after a moment, he turns and walks away.

                              old rose (v.o.)

that was the last time i ever saw him. he married, of course, and inherited
his millions. the crash of 28 hit his interests hard, and he put a pistol
in his mouth that year. his children fought over the scraps of his estate
like hyenas, or so i read.

301 angle on rose, at the railing of the carpathia, 9pm april 18th. she
gazes up at the statue of liberty, looking just as it does today, welcoming
her home with her glowing torch. it is just as fabrizio saw it, so clearly,
in his mind.

302 later carpathia discorges the survivors at the cunard pier, pier 54.
over 30,000 people line the dock and fill the surrounding streets. the
magnesium flashes of the photographers go off like small bombs, lighting an
amazing tableau.

several hundred police keep the mob back. the dock is packes with friends
and reletives, officials, ambulances, and the press--

reporters and photographers swarm everywhere... 6 deep at the foot of the
gangways, lining the tops of cars and trucks... it is the 1912 equicalent
of a media circus. they jostle to get close to the survivors, tugging on
them as they pass and shouting over each other to ask them questions.

rose is covered with a whoollen shawl and walking with a group of steerage
passengers. immigration officers are asking them questions as they come off
the gangway.

                            immigration officer

name?

                                   rose

dawson. rose dawson.

the officer steers her toward a holding area for processing. rose walks
forward with the dazed immigrants. the boom! of photographer's magnesium
flashes cause them to flinch, and the glare is blinding. there is a sudden
disturbance near her as two men burst through the cordon, running to
embrace an older woman along the survivors, who cries out with joy. the
reporters converge on this emotional scene, and flashes explode.

rose uses this moment to slip away into the crowd. she pushes through the
jostling people, moving with purpose, and none challenges her in the
confusion.

                              old rose (v.o.)

can you exchange one life for another? a caterpillar turns into a
butterfly. if a mindless insect can do it, why couldn't i? was it any more
unimaginable than the sinking of the titanic?

tracking with her as she walks away, further and further until she flashes
and the roar are far behind her, and shi is till walking, determined.

                                                                   cut to:

