307 ext. keldysh stern deck

rose walks through the shadows of the deck machinery. her nightgown blows
in the wind. her feet are bare. her hands are clutched at her chest, almost
as if she is praying.

on lovett and lizzy running down the stairs from the top deck, hauling ass.

rose reaches the sern rail. her gnarled fingers wrap over the rail. her
ancient foot steps up on the gunwale. she pushes herself up, leaning
forward. over her shoulder, we see the black water glinting far below.

lovett and lizzy run up behind her.

                                   lizzy

grandma, wait!! don't--

rose turns her head, looking at them. she turns further, and we see she has
something in her hand, something she was about to drop overboard.

it is the "heart of the ocean".

lovett sees his holy grail in her hand and his eyes go wide. rose keeps it
over the railing where she can drop it anytime.

                                   rose

don't come any closer.

                                  lovett

you had it the entire time?!

flash cut to: a silent image of young rose walking away from pier 54. the
photographers' flashes go off like a battle behind her. she has her hands
in her pockets. she stops, feeling something, and pulls out the necklace.
she stares at it in amazement.

back on keldysh, rose smiles at brock's incomprehension.

                                   rose

the hardest part about being so poor, was being so rich. but every time i
though of selling it, i though of cal. and somehow i always got by without
his help.

she holds it out over the water. bodine and a couple of the other guys come
up behind lovett, reacting to what is in rose's hand.

                                  bodine

holy shit.

                                  lovett

don't drop it rose.

                                  bodine

                            (a fierce whisper)

rush her.

                                  lovett

                                (to bodine)

it's hers, you schmuck.

                                 (to her)

look, rose, i... i don't know what to say to a woman who tries to jump off
the titanic when it's not sinking, and jumps back onto it when it is...
we're not dealing with logic here, i know that... but please... think about
this a second.

                                   rose

i have. i came all the way here so this could go back where it belongs.

the massive diamond glitters. brock edges closer and holds out his hand...

                                  lovett

just let me hold it in my hand, rose. please. just once.

he comes closer to her. it is reminiscent of jack slowly moving up to her
at the stern of titanic.

surprisingly, she calmly places the massice stone in the palm of his hand,
while still holding onto the necklace. lovett gazes at the object of his
quest. an infinity of cold scalpels glint in its blue depths. it is
mesmerizing. it fits in his hand just like he imagined.

                                  lovett

my god.

his grip tightens on the diamond.

he looks up, meeting her gaze. her eyes are suddenly infinitely wise and
deep.

                                   rose

you look for treasures in the wrong place, mr. lovett. only life is
priceless, and making each day count.

his fingers relax. he opens them slowly. gently she slips the diamond out
of his hand. he feels it sliding away.

then, with an impish little grin, rose tosses the necklace over the rail.
lovett gives a strangled cry and rushes to the rail in time to see it hit
the water and disappear forever.

                                  bodine

aww!! that really sucks, lady!

brock lovett goes through ten changes before he settles on a reaction... he
laughs. he laughs until the tears come to his eyes. then he turns to lizzy.

                                  lovett

would you like to dance?

lizzy grins at him and nods. rose smiles. she looks up at the stars.

308 in the black heart of the ocean, the diamond sinks, twinkling end over
end, into the infinate depths.

                                                                   cut to:

