ext. street

choi and  trinity look  up in  the air  at the  roof of the metacortex
building, standing beyond  a block of  buildings. it sinks  toward the
ground as a flood of people come screaming around the corner.

                                 choi

                       "it can’t be this easy."

                               trinity

                         "it’s not over yet."



                          man’s voice (o.s.)

                        "not by a long shot."

cu: trinity’s face. someone plants the barrel of a silver desert eagle
.45 against her temple. trinity  whips her head backward as  it fires.
we drop into bullet time as the flame and concussion blossoms in front
of her face, ripping her sunglasses off as she drops backward, pulling
a pair of mac-10 uzis from under her jacket.

                the man’s voice belongs to agent brown

choi turns,  pulling a  short weapon  from under  his coat. it’s boxy,
with a short barrel the size of a soda can. he plants it in the  small
of brown’s back and pulls the trigger.

a cone  of fire  burns straight  through brown,  blowing steam, flame,
smoke, vertebrae, and viscera out a massive hole in his stomach.

cu on the weapon. it recoils on tension coils, discharging a shell the
size of a 12-ounce soda can.

                              real time

what remains  of brown  flies forward.  choi helps  trinity up and the
retreat into the building and  take cover under a window.  through the
window, we see military trucks, filled with troops, charging down  the
street, toward the metacortex  plaza. after the trucks  come rumbling,
black-painted m1a2 abrams tanks. a black apache helicopter flies  over
the convoy.

choi looks through the window as he reloads his hand cannon.

                                 choi

                         "holy fucking shit."

                               trinity

              "we’ve stirred up the hornet’s nest now."


