ext. rest stop (matrix)

morpheus and  smith clash  in the  dust -  punches, kicks,  and blocks
coming too  fast to  see. smith  is wailing  on morpheus, but morpheus
sneaks in a  kick that separates  them. they take  stances a good  two
distances away. they’re about to go at it again when:

niobe sprints  into the  fight. performing  a flying  leap kick, smith
grabs her  and swings  her down,  crashing her  body into the concrete
with a sickening crack-thud. she rolls, fighting the pain, as morpheus
flies  back into  action, catching  the agent  with a  furious ass  of
swinging kicks.

niobe grits back the pain and rejoins her love. together they  assault
the agent, their speed almost, almost equaling his, their will  capped
by the limits of their matrix-bending powers. finally, smith resurges.
he  lands  a punch  into  niobe’s stomach,  and  her body  folds  over
unnaturally, as if her back is broken. she crumples to the deck, blood
pouring from her mouth.

morpheus screams and brings a hammer blow down on the back of  smith’s
neck,  smashing  the  agent’s  face  down  and  imprinting  it  in the
concrete. for a  moment, smith is  still. morpheus collects  niobe and
runs for the phone booth, which is still ringing.

it’s too far. smith grabs him around the knees, spilling him  forward.
man handling him like he weighs nothing, smith gets on top of him  and
starts smashing his fists down into morpheus’ face.

                                smith

          "i should have killed you the first chance i had."

like an enraged silverback, he raises his fists together for one final
blow. but  instead of  striking, his  eyes catch  something. he  flips
back, jumping, as a silver streak cuts through the air, a split second
too  slow to  cut the  agent’s head  off. instead,  it slices  cleanly
through the triceps of the raised arms, leaving nick on the throat.

razor, dressed in a black kimono and wielding two katanas, steps  over
morpheus as  he pursues  the agent.  smith rolls  backwards, gains his
footing, and retreats from the  swirling blades of death. he  turns to
morpheus:

                                razor

                                "go!"


