ext. street (matrix) day

trinity and niobe  take one side  of the street,  running and shooting
simultaneously. they reach  the buildings on  the side and  niobe goes
straight up the faÇade of the building, as trinity jumps from cover to
cover, cart wheeling through tracer fire and bullets.

on  the  other side  of  the street,  morpheus  goes straight  up  the
building  façade  and  starts  running  sideways,  completely  defying
gravity, firing downward at the soldiers.

cu: choi

he will not fall, and a hose of lead drills into him, taking his  body
apart piece by piece. bullets take away pieces of his head, neck,  and
torso, and in one final wave of fire, he is disintegrated, leaving his
machine gun, barrel  smoking, spinning in  the air, firing  still. the
arm is still attached and finger  clenching on the trigger. it is  the
last piece of choi to fall.

morpheus climbs  as he  runs. in  mid-stride he  changes magazines and
stops, standing on the wall, his body parallel to the ground.

on the other side of the street, niobe stands on the wall, blazing  at
the mass of troops with two  guns that never cease. there is  no cover
and  no reprieve  from the  double death  from above.  most are  still
firing down the street, or over toward trinity.

trinity runs  up the  side of  the street.  her guns  go empty and she
dives behind a stoop as a squad of soldiers blazes away at her.

cu: soldier

in slow motion, he  pulls a spoon from  a grenade. somehow, the  metal
ring reaches trinity’s ears.

cu: trinity

she slaps a magazine into her  pistol, pulls the action and comes  out
from under cover just enough to see the soldier releasing the grenade.
she fires, hitting the grenade. it explodes directly over the group of
soldiers, flattening them to the ground.

a  bullet smacks  through trinity’s  wrist, and  the hand  comes off,
popping like the head off  a dandelion. blood spurts from  the severed
arteries, spraying the hand, with the pistol still in its grip.

above the street, morpheu and  niobe leap for one another.  they catch
each other’s arms, fifty feet  above the surviving enemy, and  spin in
place, firing away. the tank commanders in their copulas blast  upward
with their  machine guns,  but the  rounds miss  the spinning  couple.
morphues and niobe concentrate on the commanders, and cut them down.

they land amidst  the carnage. trinity  emerges, shaken, pressing  her
coat to her arm.


