ext. highway

gregory is pasted down to the  tank of his bike with chandra  gripping
him for her life. the slipstream pulls his lips open and tears  streak
from his eyes as his bike redlines in fifth gear. the helicopters grow
smaller behind them. they break chase.

chandra looks back and sees the lights turn away. she screams over the
wind and the roar.

                               chandra

                           "they’re gone!"

               gregory is staring down a dark highway.

                               gregory

                          "can’t see shit."

he turns the headlights  back on, just in  time to see a  roadblock of
heavy duty military trucks. in front  of the trucks is a sandbag  wall
manned by soldiers. the trucks are flanked by police cars. and if  one
looks closely enough, they  can see a pair  of agents standing to  the
side.

the stunned soldiers have time to fire off a couple shots as they  run
frantically to get  out of the  way of the  bike, 800 pounds  of metal
flying at 150 miles per hour.

gregory  plows  into the  sandbag  wall, directly  between  two parked
trucks. the wall parts in  an explosion of sand and  sandbags. they’re
through, but the bike scissors  uncontrollably, until it rolls and  we
drop into bullet-time.

as the bike goes  over, we watch from  the side as gregory  dismounts,
grabbing chandra as he  steps over onto the  safe side of the  bike. a

massive shower of sparks bursts and trails the bike. it tumbles like a
bullet  falling  through syrup,  and  gregory keeps  walking  over the
rotating surface, using  the bike to  protect him and  chandra against
the flesh-ripping concrete.

the bike is coming apart  as it’s bashed against the  concrete. pieces
rise slowly into the air -  the front wheel, the forks, the  mufflers,
and a million flakes  of metal, until the  body bounces into the  air,
carrying gregory  and chandra  up. holding  her to  him - she’s barely
conscious of the lightning-fast  crash, gregory rides the  flying body
with one hand on the frame. it comes crashing down and back into  real
time.


the  bike’s body  streaks along  the highway.  the sparks  fade as  it
slows, and pieces of metal come clanging and banging down around them.
they  stop,  crouching  atop the  body,  with  gregory crouching  over
chandra. the disembodied front wheel rolls past them.

stunned,  not quite  understanding how  or what  he just  did, he  and
chandra stand and start running. behind  them is a blurry wall of  red
and blue lights. police sirens grow louder.

they start running down the  highway, then gregory yanks chandra  to a
stop.

                               gregory

                   "split up, into the desert, go!"

                             they split.

cu on chandra. in bare feet, she sprints for the side of the road. the
highway is  littered with  pieces of  the bike,  and she  stomps on  a
twisted piece of metal  that impales her bare  foot. she falls to  the
asphalt with a scream.

gregory turns  and rushes  back to  her, even  as a  police cruiser is
bearing down on them, it’s v-8 roaring and the siren impossibly loud.

gregory drops  to her  side, only  to look  up into  the blinding high
beams. he  drops over  chandra, ducks  his head  and extends  his hand
toward the oncoming cruiser and we drop back into bullet time.

the cruiser  runs into  his hand  and stops  as though  it hit a steel
post. the hood crumples  in the center, pushing  the grill in even  as
the front quarter  panels of the  unibody continue around  gregory and
chandra.


