int. main bridge

                 morpheus leans over razor and choi.

                               morpheus

                            "talk to me."

                                razor

         "not good, boss, i gotta compile a new descrambler."



                            morpheus nods.

                               morpheus

                  "do it. we’re at broadcast depth?"

                                 choi

                              "yes sir."

                               morpheus

"we have to download our mission specs. move aside, i have to log into
                           the mainframe."

morpheus  takes  over  razors  seat.  the  scrolling  code disappears,
replaced by the small words: zion.dtr1.mnfr4m3 logon.

morpheus pushes  the keyboard  under the  console so  its hidden  from
view. he taps at the  keyboard. hidden password appears on  the screen
in the form of: xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx.

              screen: logon accepted. welcome, morpheus.

                     mission specs downloading...

                              downloaded

                           logout complete

               mission type: infiltration / destruction

                       target: matrix mainframe

morpheus’ eyes open slightly when he reads the screen, but he  regains
his  composure  quickly. razor’s  mouth  drops open,  and  choi starts
cracking up.

                                 choi

"the mainframe? haha. it’s a joke, right morpheus? is today april 1^st
                                  ?"

                      niobe appears behind them.

                                niobe

        "it’s not a joke. we have the one. we must do it now."

                                razor

  "but they’re altering the code already. i can’t even read it yet."

                    morpheus turns and faces them.

                               morpheus

 "we have our mission, but it’s up to us to interperate how we’ll do
                                 it."

                                razor

 "morpheus, there’s more ice in front of that mainframe than there is
           in antarctica. we’ll never cut through it all."

                               morpheus

                "you haven’t seen the one in action."

            razor looks dubious, and turns to the screens.

                               morpheus

                          "can you hack in?"

razor pounds the keys. the matrix disappears, replaced by his program.

                                razor

   "getting you in is no problem. maintaining the input/output and
helping you is the problem. that’s how they killed savior number four,
 if i remember right. they cut the signal and trapped him in there."

morpheus spins the chair, then stops it. their faces are inches apart.

                               morpheus

                    "we don’t speak of the past."

                                razor


          "excuse me for dragging up painful memories, sir."

he turns the chair back to the screen and continues coding.


cut to: neo

he’s standing at  the edge of  some equipment on  the main deck.  he’s
heard every word. he rounds the corner. the others catch sight of him.
the same thought is on everyone's mind: how much had he heard.

                               morpheus

"morning. niobe, wake the rest of the crew. razor, what’s the eta for
                        getting us in there?"

                        razor shakes his head.

                                razor

 "i dunno. just gimme an hour, i’ll probably have caught up to them."

                      morpheus walks up to neo.

                               morpheus

                           "come with me."


                                                               cut to:

