ext. zion tarmac

the tarmac  is a  busy, crowded  military airport,  with hovercraft of
different  sizes  spread  across  the  lot.  its  housed  poorly  lit,
houses in a cave so huge  the ceiling is out of site.  crewpersons run
around,  servicing  battle-damaged   vehicles.  munitions  are  carted
across the tarmac on   robot rolling racks. no  one  pays the neb  and
its battered crew any mind.

nearby, the sephora and freedom  are parked. their engines shut  down,
and their powered hatches are open. the crewmembers are spilling out.

niobe hurries to morpheus' side, and he steps toward her, smiling, but
their  military manner  is quickly  restored, though  they can  barely
contain their grins.

                               morpheus

                              "niobe..."

              she shakes his hand, the shake slows down.

                                 "m."

                               morpheus

                       "thanks for the rescue."

   they close for a kiss, when the freedom's captain suddenly jumps
                            between them.

    it's choi - the neo's supposed neighbor and hacking financier.
    exhuberant and oblivious, he joyfully gets in morpheus' face.

                                 choi

 "brough, you us your asses! we saved you so hard core you don't even
                                know!"

   niobe smiles at morpheus and fades back as booth shouts his own
           praises. morpheus turns to his less-mature peer.

                                 choi

     "so, you think you finally found the one, huh? another one?"

  dujour, choi's lieutenant, pushes into their conversation, looking
                              offscreen.

                                dujour

          "idiot, we helped him find him. hello, morpheus."

                                 choi

                                "huh?"

      he looks at what she's seeing. his gaze halts on neo. he's
  concentrating on tank and his apparent girlfriend, who seems to be
 consoling him. he turns to see choi and dujour, does a double-take,
                       and his jaw drops open.

                                 neo

                                "you?"

                  choi is quick to resume his cool.

                                 choi

                     "in the flesh, so to speak."

                                dujour

       "welcome to the real world, neo. i'm glad you're here."

                                 choi

       "what do you think, dujour? should we take him with us?"

                                dujour

                            "definitely."

                                 choi

                             "morpheus?"

 morpheus turns from niobe and  a zion officer. he addresses  trinity,
 glancing at the others.

                               morpheus

"go on ship's liberty. meet me in the dead duck at 21:00 hours, drunk
                              or sober."


