ext. lake shore

the  desert  is  gone,  replaced by  forest,  though  still  under the
poisoned sky of the matrix.

gregory laps  the water  up, and  pulls chandra  in, rubbing the water
over her face. calmly, agent smith stands on the lake shore.

cu:  agent smith.  the humans  are reflected  in his  perfectly still
glasses.

chandra  stirs and  awakens, though  she doesn’t  seem to  see  smith.
gregory,  revitalized, looks  around at  the miracle,  and up  at the
mystery man.

                               gregory

                       "who the fuck are you?"

                       smith grins devilishly.

                             agent smith

  "i’m nobody. a smith. what’s more important, is you. we need you,
                              gregory."

gregory stares. he pulls chandra ashore and stands to look agent smith
in the eyes.

                               gregory

             "first you try to kill me. now you need me."

                             agent smith

   "two years ago, gregory, your parents were killed in a terrorist
                  attack in the heart of the city."

             the words spark something nasty in gregory.

                               gregory

                              "so what?"

                             agent smith

          "the terrorists were led by a certain individual."

                               gregory

                         "i know who it was."

                             agent smith

                      "we need you to kill him."

gregory laughs he turns to chandra  to check on her. she’s passed  out
on the smooth grass.

                               gregory

"what a bunch of bullshit. the whole government can’t kill him, so how
                               can i?"

                             agent smith

           "no one in the government can do what you can."

                               gregory

                             "fuck you."

                             agent smith

                     "i believe we have a deal."

           gregory stands and puts his face next to smith’s

 "you know, i’ve always wanted to fuck the devil on a deal. and this
     looks like a once-in-a lifetime opportunity. so, fuck you!"

smith frowns. gregory looks him up and down. he’s got a few inches and
pounds on the smaller agent.

                               gregory

  "what are you gonna do, little man? you looking for a trip to the
fucking hospital? fuck with me and you’ll be looking for some plastic
                           surgery, you - "

smith delivers a  chest punch that  sends gregory sailing  back twenty
feet. he tumbles to a stop, coughs, and stares in disbelief at  smith,
standing calmly at what seems like an impossible distance away.

cu: smith. he removes his glasses calmly.

cu: gregory. he was stunned, but he’s  not out of the fight. not by  a
long shot.

                               gregory

                        "no man can beat me."

                                smith

                        "bring it on, pussy."

                    pull back as he charges smith

smith is ready to deflect the  blow, but gregory dodges and bowls  him
over, barroom style.  with smith pinned  below him, he  slams his palm
downward. smith’s head dodges the blow that pummels the ground.

gregory is  screaming as  he smashes  downward with  the palms  of his
heels. every blow misses the mark.

                               gregory

                   "mother fucker, what the fu -?"

smith bucks up, throwing gregory into the air. he flips onto his  back
as gregory returns. the  sheer force of his  street-forged roundhouses
knock smith around  as he blocks.  growing irritated at  the untrained
attack, smith turns a block into a palm-heel that hits gregory in  the
forehead with  the force  of a  cannon blast.  momentarily stunned, he
steps back enough for smith to perform a roundhouse kick. it’s like  a
helicopter blade, smashing into gregory’s head and sending him to  the
ground in a heap.

                                smith

                     "ready to change your mind?"

cu: gregory

he can’t  respond very  well. blood  fills his  mouth and  his face is
mashed. a huge welt grows under  the loafer mark left by smith  on the
right side of his face.

                    smith crouches down by gregory

                                smith

               "i can teach you to beat me, you know."

                       this interests gregory.

                                smith

       "help us, and both you and her will be free afterward."

gregory  stares  at the  ground,  then gazes  past  smith at  chandra.
finally, he starts to rise. smith offers a hand, and gregory takes it.

                                smith

"you know it, don’t you? that there’s more to your world than what you
              can see, what you can rationally explain?"

                               gregory

                               "yeah."

                                smith

"i’m going to teach you how to use the powers you can’t even imagine.
               but first, you need to learn to fight."

smith puts his hand to his earpiece. gregory’s eyes close and his body
spasms. he falls to the ground, breathless, and when his eyes open, he
stares up at smith.

                               gregory

                       "holy shit. what the -"

he stares at his hands. he sits up, and watches his hands, amazed,  as
he goes through a series of  block-punches. he stops and stares up  at
smith.

                               gregory

                           i know kung-fu."

                             smith grins.


