int. office (matrix)

agents  jones and  brown sit  across from  each other,  a steel  table
between them.  they stare  at each  other for  what seems  like a long
time. there is a speaker phone in the middle of the table amidst  neat
stacks of file folders.

                             agent jones

                      "our defeat is worrisome."

                             agent brown

                  "as is the loss of our colleague."

  they are both seething with anger. agent jones grinds his molars.

                                jones

            "we can’t defeat them. you saw what happened."

                                jones

              "we have a backup copy of agent smith..."

 jones stands and walks toward the massive panoramic window. the city
                         spreads before him.

                                jones

"a backup is not good enough. we need to upgrade ourselves to meet the
                             new threat."

                   brown opens a large file folder.

                                brown

   "he’s being rebuilt. but i have an alternate plan. why fight the
             humans, when we can let them fight for us?"

                                jones

 "the terrorists have learned to bend our reality in ways we cannot.
                  this was the cause of our defeat."

                                brown

 "mr. thomas j. anderson is not unique. over the decades, many humans
 have developed... techniques for manipulating the matrix. techniques
     too primitive for us to understand. most never realize their
potential, but all the ones we’ve noticed exhibiting these talents are
                           recorded here."

angle on the book as brown flips through. street shots of people  from
all walks of life. young rebels, corporate suits, junkies, housewives.

                     jones turns on agent brown.

                                jones

                    "do you have anyone in mind?"

angle on the book. it stops  on a page dedicated to someone  who looks
like neo, but with long hair and an extremely bad attitude. there  are
photos of him on  a motorcycle with a  blonde, photos of him  drinking
with his gang friends.

                                brown

  "gregory lowfield. he exhibits the traits we saw in mr. anderson."

                          man’s voice (o.s.)

  "mr. anderson no longer exists. our enemy now is the one called...
                               neo."

                          angle on: the door

agent smith walks in, grinning. there  is a new swag to his  walk, and
his hair is longer, tied back.

                                brown

                       "you’ve been recreated."

smith flexes his arm, examines his hands, and feels his hair.

                                jones

                      "and you have more hair."

smith turns to him, examines the photos on the table. they lock  eyes.
on  the same  wavelength, they  transfer knowledge  without speaking.
smith looks at the photo on the table.

                                smith

    "i know what you’re thinking. what we need is our own neo..."

                                jones

                         "if it’s possible."

                                smith

                       "i’ll make it possible."

we zoom in on the grainy photo of neo’s doppledanger. quiet at  first,
growing  louder as  it grows  dark, we  here the  rumble and  roar of
motorcycles.


