	ext. peterson's stables - day

	tom stands alone at the stable. opening the bottom door, 
	ducking under the stall, he goes inside.

				  tom
		okay now... okay now...

	walking towards him, tom raises his hand, showing pilgrim a 
	sign of respect, of trust... he quietly makes his way along 
	pilgrim's side, along his flank, prompting pilgrim to move 
	out from the shadows, into the light. tom moves to look at 
	him. and pilgrim suddenly kicks out at him. tom, not cowed, 
	stands his ground. he bends, looking at pilgrim's withered 
	legs. he looks up at his scarred head. he looks into the 
	pools of the horse's tortured eyes. pilgrim stands still -- 
	allowing tom this brief intimacy.

	as grace walks towards the stable, she realizes that the door 
	is open and tom must be inside. she is amazed.

	annie, appearing behind her, is also impressed.

	tom exits the stable and sees them, as he closes the doors.

				  annie
		well... you're closest anyone's 
		gotten.

	he walks straight towards them -- veering more to grace. he 
	stops in front of her and they look into each other's eyes -- 
	in a way that reminds us of how tom looked at pilgrim.

	except, grace is made even more uncomfortable by the intimacy. 
	she turns away and walks to the corral, to lean on a post -- 
	as if she doesn't care. tom turns to annie.

				  tom
		i have to be honest. i still feel 
		you made a long trip for nothing.

	he looks at annie. annie has no more words -- just an ever-
	present pleading in her face.

	tom watches as grace makes a small, naked movement -- putting 
	her hand on her cheek, like a hurt child.

	he can't help but see these three being connected by one wound.

				  tom
		but before i even think about it, i 
		need to know something here and now. 
		it's a question for grace here.

	grace stiffens.

				  tom
		when i work with a horse, it's no good 
		just me doing it. it doesn't work that 
		way. the owner needs to be involved too.

				  annie
		well, that'll be a little complicated --

				  tom
		you can make it as complicated or as 
		easy as you like. but she's the one 
		who's gonna be riding him, am i right? 
		so here's the deal. i'm not sure i can 
		do anything, but i'm prepared to give 
		it a go --
			(to grace)
		-- if you'll help.
			(grace gives a bitter laugh)
		you have a problem with that?

				  grace
		isn't it like, obvious?

				  tom
		not to me. either you want to or you 
		don't.

				  annie
		look, i'll talk to grace and call you 
		later--

				  tom
		excuse me, with all due respect, but 
		this is her decision, not yours. and i 
		don't want to waste anybody's time -- 
		mostly mine.

	grace reacts anew to tom's remark. she likes her mother being 
	dis-empowered. annie keenly understands the importance of tom 
	putting it this way to grace. grace has all eyes on her -- 
	just what she wants. all waiting for her response. she turns 
	away, flicks her head and says:

				  grace
		well, there's nothing else to do around 
		here.

	annie smiles in relief. but tom isn't satisfied.

				  tom
		not good enough. i can't help you.

	he starts walking away. annie doesn't know what to do. grace 
	mumbles.

				  grace
		what do i have to do?

	tom keeps walking out... grace says it louder.

				  grace
		i said, what do i have to do?!

	tom stops and looks at her. annie holds her breath.

