     int.  jerome's condominium.  day.

     irene enters the door deliberately left ajar, closely followed
     by the investigator and detective hugo.  eugene is propped up on
     the sofa, tv remote control placed in his useless hand to cover
     his paralysis.  he has a stainless steel bowl next to him and
     has crossed his lifeless legs for a more natural effect.  eugene
     calmy motions the confused irene towards him.

                           eugene
              where's my kiss?

     the investigator scrutinizes irene's reaction.  with only the
     merest hesitation she takes her cue from eugene and kisses
     him affectionately on the forehead.  she perches herself on the
     arm of the sofa.  eugene takes the opportunity to rest his
     arm on her leg.

                           irene
              good to see you're feeling better.

                           eugene
              now you're here.  who are your "friends"?

                           irene
              it's about the director.

                           eugene
                      (feigning boredom)
              again?

     the investigator slowly circles eugene, regarding him with the
     utmost scrutiny.  he compares his face to the doctored gattaca
     id photo - a passable likeness.  eugene bends towards the bowl
     and dry retches.

                           eugene
              forgive me for not getting up.

     irene puts a comforting hand on eugene's shoulder.

                           irene
                      (to the investigator)
              couldn't we do this another time?

                           investigator
              i don't believe so.

     detective hugo takes a seat in the chair beside the sofa and
     unpacks a syringe from the kit he carries.

                           detective hugo
              this won't take a moment.

     detective hugo swabs eugene's inner arm.  all eyes are trained
     on the tip of the needle as it punctures the vein.

                           eugene
                      (reassuring to irene, referring to
                      the blood flowing into the syringe)
              it's okay.  maybe they can find out what i've got.

     under the investigator's watchful eye, detective hugo withdraws
     the syringe and immediately inserts a small amount of the blood
     into the portable analyzer he wears.  naturally, it confirms
     that eugene is jerome.

     irene does her best to conceal her shock.  hiding his
     frustration, the investigator distractedly tours the room while
     hugo packs up his gear.  the investigator idly toys with
     the telescope pointed out of the window.

     next he wanders towards the closet and reaches for the doorknob.

                           investigator
              mind if i take a leak?

                           eugene
              as long as you don't do it in my closet.
                      (nodding to the other side of the room)
              over there.


