     int.  crime lab.  day.

     the investigator lifts his head from the eyepiece of an
     electron microscope through which he has been examining a tiny
     fragment of skin - the skin is identified as belonging to 20-
     year-old vincent.  detective hugo stands at the investigator's
     side - his attitude more respectful in light of the discovery.

     detective hugo points out a location on a computer-generated
     map.

                           detective hugo
                      (chagrined)
              the skin flake was found in michael's restaurant.
              the employees are all accounted for.

                           investigator
              a customer?  does this michael's cater to misfits?

                           detective hugo
                      (shifting the view of the map
                      to include the gattaca complex)
              no.  but one or two "borrowed ladders" have
              shown up there in the past.

     the investigator understands the significance.  they wander over
     to a blow-up photograph of the 20-year-old vincent.

                           detective hugo
              we have to consider the possibility that he's
              playing somebody else's hand.

     a smile gradually broadens across the investigator's face.

                           investigator
                      (taking a perverse pleasure in the
                      slowly dawning revelation)
              of course.  he's a "de-gene-erate".
                      (glancing to a photo of the
                      gattaca crime scene)
              he works at gattaca.  why else would we find
              the eyelash near the washroom?  nobody stops to
              take a leak during a murder.

                           detective hugo
                      (quickly covering himself)
              it's still possible the eyelash specimen came
              from a janitor, delivery man--it could have blown
              in through an open window.

     the investigator appears not to be listening, his mind made up.

                           investigator
                      (mind racing)
              he was afraid of being exposed.  that's why he did it.

                           detective hugo
                      (puzzled)
              it is hard to believe he could be one of
              their elite workers.  you've seen their
              security system.  they know who works there.
                      (referring to 20-year-old vincent's profile)
              even if you ignore the man's expiration date,
              his profile suggests that he doesn't have the
              mathematical propensity let alone the stamina
              to pass their physicals.

                           investigator
              don't underestimate these imposters.

                           detective hugo
                      (skeptical, referring to a file of
                      gattaca employee id photos)
              none of the id photos match the enhancement.

                           investigator
                      (smiling to himself)
              a man can change his face--but blood is forever.
              sample every employee within the parameters i gave you.
                      (pause)
              intravenous.

     hugo's mouth drops open at the mention of "intravenous".

                           detective hugo
                      (immediately protesting)
              you know their workforce.  two-thirds at
              least fall into the category.  we'll be
              closing down their operation for days.
                      (seeking a compromise)
              at least go with a fingertip sample or urine.

                           investigator
                      (shaking his head)
              blood.  from the vein.

     the investigator turns on his heel to prevent further protest.
     the detective and his assistants exchange looks of exasperation
     behind the investigator's back.


