     int.  gattaca - work-out observation room.  day.

     jerome's heart registers a far more measured beat on the
     computer in the observation room.  the director is at lamar's
     shoulder, beaming proudly.

                           lamar
                      (marveling at jerome's heartrate)
              six miles later it's still beating like a
              goddamn metronome.  i could play piano by that
              heartbeat of his.

     the investigator and detective hugo enter the observation room,
     escorted by irene.

                           detective hugo
              director josef, this is our lead investigator.

     the two men exchange a polite handshake.  however the
     investigator is immediately taken with the sole runner with his
     back to him, on the treadmill below.

                           investigator
              how often do you test, director?

                           director josef
              often.

                           investigator
                      (intrigued)
              surely you know what you have.

                           director josef
              we have to be certain.  once they're up, we
              can hardly turn the boat around.

     on the treadmill below, jerome glances to his watch as he runs,
     the distress starting to show.  caught up in the conversation,
     lamar has forgotten to end the work-out.  remembering, he
     finally presses the "warm-down" button, slowing the treadmill.

                           lamar
                      (still marveling at jerome)
              i swear if i went to lunch and came back, he'd
              still be there.

     we focus on jerome's recording device attached to the bottom of
     the control panel.  it clicks to a stop, indicating that the
     bogus heartbeat recording has ended before the workout.

     the heartbeat monitor in the observation room suddenly races
     from 80 to 250 beats per minute.  lamar catches the discrepancy
     out of the corner of his eye but before he can take a second
     look, jerome has whipped his electrode from his chest.  the
     physician shrugs it off as a glitch in the machine.

     the investigator has turned his back on jerome to face the
     director.

                           investigator
              we believe we have a suspect.

                           director josef
              what a relief.

                           investigator
                      (referring to the profile of vincent
                      on hugo's computer notepad)
              this unaccountable specimen was found in
              the south wing corridor.

     in the room below, jerome nonchalantly steps off the treadmill,
     stealthily retrieves the recording device from beneath the
     control panel and returns it to his cigarette pack.

     he casually wipes off drops of sweat from the machine with a
     towel, briefly glances to irene with the investigators and exits
     to the locker room.

     the director idly regards the image of vincent on hugo's
     handheld screen.  he does not recognize the face.

                           detective hugo
              an age enhancement is being prepared as
              we speak.

                           director josef
                      (referring to his assistant)
              irene will make it available to security.


