     ext.  ocean highway.  night.

     with no place to turn the car around, irene parks on the cliff
     side of the six-lane highway.  in the darkness she dashes from
     the car and, without a second thought, runs directly out into
     the heavy commuter traffic.  easily negotiating the on-coming
     cars, she emerges safely on the other side of the highway.

     jerome, rounding the car from the passenger side, is about to
     follow, when he suddenly pulls up sharply at the curb.  we focus
     on his eyes, deprived of the benefit of their contact lenses.
     from jerome's pov, we see that the headlights rushing towards
     him are nothing but a series of fast-moving blurs - blurs that
     merge together.  he is unable to distinguish between the
     vehicles or judge their distance.

                           irene
                      (calling back urgently from the
                      other side, mindful of the light
                      beginning to leak into the sky)
              come on!  we'll miss it!

     irene stares expectantly back at jerome with her 20/20 vision,
     unaware of his predicament.  jerome puts a foot off the curb at
     the wrong moment and is almost collected by an on-coming car.
     irene is taken-aback at his mistiming.  does she detect a squint
     on jerome's face?  to jerome, the figure of irene on the other
     side of the highway is merely a featureless shape but he feels
     her expectation.  he touches the spectacles, still in his
     pocket, but they are an unthinkable option.

     he shakes the idea from his head and turns back to the swiftly-
     flowing highway.  he makes up his mind - he cannot allow himself
     to be shamed, even at the risk of life and limb.  hardly even
     glancing at the traffic, he suddenly bolts blindly across the
     road.  headlights hurtling towards him, cars fortuitously
     brushing past his heels, horns blaring.  jerome makes a final
     leap to the haven of the far curb, the rush of air from a large,
     fast-moving truck blowing him the final inches to the sidewalk.

     irene is stunned by the near miss.  she is about to comment but
     jerome takes her by the arm and ushers her towards the dunes.

                           jerome
              come on.  we'll miss it.


