     int. gattaca - computer complex.  day.

     in the vast room of computer programmers we pull-focus to
     discover that we have been filming the complex through the
     transparent specimen bag containing jerome's eyelash.

     on the mezzanine floor overlooking the scene of the crime,
     the investigator holds the bag, transfixed by the lash.  the
     lead homicide detective, detective hugo, finishes interviewing
     a gattaca security guard and approaches the investigator.
     a large telescope in the background.

     although hugo is deferential to his more youthful superior, his
     body language betrays his displeasure.  hugo clearly does not
     relish the investigator's involvement in his case.

                           detective hugo
              i don't understand why you were dragged out
              here, sir.  it's hardly worth wasting your
              time--a no-nothing case like this.

                           investigator
                      (gently rebuking his subordinate)
              a man's dead, detective.

                           detective hugo
              of course, sir.  we're checking the entry log,
              alibis, grudges...

                           investigator
              grudges?

                           detective hugo
                      (looking out over the balcony)
              i look around, i see a lot of dry eyes.
              the director was not...
                      (searching for the words)
              ...universally loved.  he was leading the
              cut-backs in the program.  you're looking at
              a room full of motives.

                           investigator
                      (shaking his head adamantly,
                      referring to the bag in his hand)
              no, this is your man.

                           detective hugo
                      (not so convinced)
              with respect, sir--it may be the only
              unaccountable specimen but the profile
              suggests--

                           investigator
              --what about his profile?

     hugo refers to a print-out of 20-year-old vincent's profile
     including his genetic quotient.  (the fifteen-year-old photo of
     vincent now bears little resemblance to his assumed identity.)

                           detective hugo
              according to this, he's a sick man.  congenital
              heart condition.  who knows how long the specimen
              has been here but there's an 80 percent chance
              the owner of that eyelash has already died
              himself from natural causes.

                           investigator
                      (terse)
              so there's a 20 percent chance he's not dead.

     detective hugo goes to comment further, then revises his
     remark in his head before speaking.

                           detective hugo
              even if this vincent luca is alive, is it
              likely he could bludgeon a man to death?

                           investigator
              no.  not likely.

     the investigator's tone suggests that the identity of the
     culprit is no longer a matter for debate.  there is an awkward
     pause before the detective falls into step with his superior.

                           detective hugo
              i take it you're thinking along the lines of a
              robbery gone sour--a thief disturbed in the act?

     the investigator merely shrugs.

                           detective hugo
                      (skeptical)
              of course that doesn't jibe with what we
              found.  this was an angry killing.

                           investigator
                      (glancing to the profile in hugo's hand)
              who knows with these "deficients"?  his profile
              indicates a proclivity for violence.

                           detective hugo
                      (trying to appear co-operative)
              i'll run a crossover on the eyelash for
              any family or associate connections--

                           investigator
              --i've already run it.  there's no record
              of any living relative.

                           detective hugo
              what a pity.

                           investigator
                      (irritated, glancing to the sample bag)
              detective hugo, it's a simple case of lost and
              found.  all we have to do is locate the man who's
              minus an eyelash and this murder will solve itself.

     we focus on jerome at his work station.  although he continues
     to work, he clrarly feels the presence of the investigators on
     the mezzanine floor behind him.

     a medical director approaches the programmer in the neighboring
     work station - napoleon, the programmer jerome encountered in
     the nightclub the previous evening.

                           medical director
              napoleon, you're late for your substance test.

     napoleon looks up, ashen-faced.  jerome intervenes.

                           jerome
              director, napoleon's helping me today.

     the director regards both men suspiciously.

                           medical director
              well, you take it for him, jerome.

     the medical director departs.  napoleon, stunned by the
     reprieve, approaches jerome's work station and pretends to
     study the program on his computer screen.

                           napoleon
              why did you do that?

                           jerome
                      (exiting to the testing lab)
              don't worry about it.


