     ext.  street.  night.

     13-year-old vincent stands at a cul-de-sac at the end of a long,
     straight deserted street.  he places a basketball in the middle
     of the street to represent the sun and begins to unwind the huge
     reel of string attached to the ball.  11-year-old anton walks a
     pace behind him.  several yards along the trail a bead is
     threaded through the string to represent the planet mercury.

                           anton
              how many astronauts are there, anyway?

     vincent ignores him and continues to reel out the string.

                           anton
              i bet i could be one.

     vincent stops and regards his younger brother with contempt.

                           vincent
              you're standing on venus.

     anton lifts his foot.  there is a bead beneath it.


     int/ext.  car / satellite dish.  dusk.

     vincent has developed into a handsome 17-year-old.  his
     spectacles hidden, he and a young woman are necking in the front
     seat of a beat-up car, parked overlooking a huge satellite dish.

                           jerome (vo)
              i was popular enough until it got around
              that i wasn't a long-term proposition.

     the love-making intensifies.  the young woman moves down
     vincent's chest and unzips his fly.

                           jerome (vo)
              those who didn't know already could easily
              find out for themselves.  it was certainly
              no problem coaxing the information out of me.

     we remain on vincent's face as he climaxes.  the young woman
     turns her head away from the spent jerome and, out of his
     view, trickles semen from her mouth into a clear specimen vial.

                           jerome (vo)
              i didn't blame them.  you need to know if a
              prospective husband can qualify for a mortgage
              or life insurance or can hold down a decent job.


