     int.  eugene's condominium.  early morning.

     jerome emerges from the incinerator room into a large, luxurious
     loft-style condo containing a bizarre assortment of equipment -
     arranged somewhat like a production line.

     long, scrupulously clean metal work benches are arranged along
     one entire wall.  laid out on the benches in neat rows are
     dozens of plastic bags - some filled, some unfilled.  instruments
     on trays - various types of tweezers, scissors and other less
     familiar utensils.  round, stainless steel containers filled
     with hairs of differing lengths and other body matter.

     jerome approaches another man slumped over one of the benches.
     eugene.  he clutches an empty vodka bottle.  he is snoring
     lightly - sleeping off the night before.  as jerome gently
     prises the bottle out of his hand, we are struck by the
     similarity of eugene's face to jerome's.

     jerome pulls eugene's chair back from the desk with surprising
     ease.  a wheelchair - a modern, ergonomic design.  jerome wheels
     eugene to a bedroom and, with some difficulty, hauls the larger
     man onto the bed.  through his alcoholic fog, eugene feebly co-
     operates - his paralyzed legs a particular dead weight.

     after covering eugene with a blanket, jerome enters a bathroom
     containing a surgically-clean stainless steel basin, sink,
     shower and toilet.

     beside the toilet stands a large, industrial-style stainless
     steel refrigerator.

     donning protective gloves, jerome opens the liquid-nitrogen
     cooled refrigerator.  a cloud of condensed water vapor billows
     out.  revealed inside the fridge are racks of labelled jars and
     silicon pouches - some containing a yellowish liquid, some a
     deep, red liquid.

     in front of one of the jars is a handwritten shopping list -
     "truffles, cigs, vodka".  jerome smiles to himself as he
     retrieves the note along with one of the jars.  he checks the
     jar's label.  satisfied with the date written there, he breaks
     the seal and pours the contents into the clear, silicon pouch of
     an iv-like device lying on the steel bathroom counter.

     he seals the pouch and checks the apparatus by opening the valve
     on its fine tube and squirting a small quantity of the liquid
     into the nearby toilet bowl, as one would test a syringe.  we
     remain on jerome's face as he reaches between his legs and
     inserts the pouch.

     reopening the refrigerator, jerome slides out a tray containing
     neat rows of slim, fingertip-sized plastic sachets filled with a
     deep, red-colored liquid.  he removes his gloves, selects one of
     the sachets and carefully adheres the sachet to the pad at the
     end of his index finger.  he prepares a second sachet for his
     middle finger.  jerome then applies skin-colored cover-up makeup
     to the sachets, blending them in with the color of his fingers.
     jerome, still dressed in his robe, climbs a large, spiral
     staircase to the floor above.


