     int.  delivery room.  day.

     we focus on a crucifix dangling on a rosary.  tilting up we find
     the rosary clasped between maria and antonio's intertwined
     hands.

                           jerome (vo)
              those were early days--days when a priest
              could still persuade someone to put their
              faith in god's hands rather than those of
              the local geneticist.

     bathed in sweat, maria gives a final push on the delivery table.

     while still attached to his umbilical cord, the heel of the
     newborn baby boy is immediately pricked by a masked nurse.  a
     minute drop of blood is inserted into an analyzing machine.

     even as the baby is put into maria's arms, page after page of
     data begins to appear on a monitor, pulsing warning signals
     throughout the spreadsheets.

     two assisting nurses exchange a look.  antonio senses something
     amiss.

                           antonio
              what's wrong?

                           jerome (vo)
              of course, there was nothing wrong with me.
              not so long ago i would have been considered
              a perfectly healthy, normal baby.  ten fingers,
              ten toes.  that was all that used to matter.
              but now my immediate well-being was not the
              sole concern.

     antonio turns his attention from his baby to the data appearing
     on the monitor.  we see individual items highlighted amongst the
     data - "nerve condition - probability 60%", "manic depression -
     42%", "obesity - 66%", "attention deficit disorder - 89%"--

                          jerome (vo)
              my destiny was mapped out before me--
              all my flaws, predispositions and
              susceptibilities - most untreatable to
              this day.  only minutes old, the date and
              cause of my death was already known.

     antonio focuses on a final highlighted item on the monitor's
     screen, "heart disorder - 99% - early fatal potential.".
     "life expectancy - 33 years".

                           nurse
              the name?
                      (typing details into birth certificate)
              for the certificate.

                           maria
              antonio--

                           antonio
                      (correcting her)
              --no, vincent antonio.

     with a computer stylus he signs the nurse's handheld screen.


