     int.  in-valid housing project - prostitute's boudoir.  night.

     the investigator, sits up in the bed, glass in his hand.
     valerie lies on the tangled sheets, naked, making no effort to
     cover herself.  she regards the investigator curiously.

                           valerie
              i don't understand you, investigator.

     the investigator glances idly in her direction.

                           valerie
                      (teasing good-naturedly)
              you hunt us by day and fuck us by night.  do
              you only get it up for in-valids?

     the investigator smiles and rejoins her on the bed.

                           valerie
              wouldn't you be happier with one of your
              made-to-order whores?

                           investigator
                      (gently stroking her hair)
              you are so beautiful, are you sure you weren't
              altered?  this is not the face, the body, of
              a godchild.  how could something so lovely
              be a product of chance?

                           valerie
              is that what keeps you coming back?
                      (meeting his gaze)
              look at you.  such angry, beautiful, perfect eyes.
              do you ever wonder what they would see if they
              weren't quite so perfect?  they will never see
              what i see.

     the investigator tries to laugh off her assertion but his
     tight-lipped smile betrays his displeasure.

                           investigator
                      (a cruel edge to his voice)
              you have so much wrong with you, you'll
              be lucky to see next year.

     he roughly forces himself on top of her but she remains defiant.

                           valerie
              are you so much more alive, investigator?

                           investigator
                      (parting her legs)
              i'm not paying you to talk.


     int/ext.  irene's car.  night.

     irene drives, jerome at her side.  cars are being flagged down
     by uniformed police officers.  irene slows down behind the car
     in front.  spying an officer shine a flashlight in the eyes of
     the male driver up ahead, jerome wipes the contact lenses from
     his eyes and flicks them out of the passenger window when irene
     is not looking.

     an officer approaches jerome and, without a word, opens an
     electronic testing kit worn on his hip.  he removes a sterilized
     q-tip and motions for jerome to open his mouth so he can scrape
     a culture.  jerome waves his hand in front of his mouth,
     feigning embarrassment.

                           jerome
                      (conspiratorial)
              better not.
                      (nodding in irene's direction)
              don't want to give you a contaminated
              specimen...if you get my meaning.

     irene plays along, shrugging coyly at the cop.

     we see an extreme close up of jerome's hand as he furtively
     retrieves a hair follicle attached to his shirt cuff.  with the
     hair already in his fingers, he pretends to pluck a hair from
     his head, faking a wince at the appropriate moment.

     the cop, wearing transparent latex gloves, takes the follicle
     and places it in a receptacle in his kit.  after a short moment
     the hair confirms jerome's driving id which appears on the kit's
     electronic screen.  as the cop departs, irene looks
     questioningly at jerome.

                           jerome
              thanks.
                      (answering her unasked question)
              you never know where those swabs have been.

     irene nods, however clearly not convinced.  she shakes the doubt
     from her mind.

                           irene
              i want to show you something.

     she accelerates away.  we see the road ahead from jerome's pov.
     without his contact lenses, it is a blur.


