     ext.  beach.  night.

     jerome and anton walk down a dune together towards the beach not
     far from gattaca - an ocean beach pounded by an angry, black
     sea.  jerome picks up a sharp piece of shell and slices the end
     of his thumb.  a drop of blood oozes out.  he offers the shell
     to anton but anton does not take it.

     both men begin to disrobe.  the brothers stand beside each other
     on the sand once again - anton still the more athletically-built
     of the two.

     together, they enter the raging surf.  diving through the
     breaking waves, they begin to swim.

     in the moonlit night, we watch their two bodies swimming side by
     side.  they swim a long distance, anton waiting for his brother
     to tire.  but the pace does not slacken.  anton pulls up in the
     water.  sensing his brother is no longer beside him, jerome also
     pulls up.  they tread water several yards apart.

                           anton
                      (attempting to conceal his distress)
              how are you doing this, vincent?  how
              have you done any of this?

                           jerome
              now is your chance to find out.

     jerome swims away a second time.  anton is forced to follow
     once again.  angry now, gritting his teeth, anton calls
     upon the same determination we have witnessed during his
     constant swimming in the pool.  he puts on a spurt, slowly
     reeling in jerome.

     anton gradually draws alongside jerome, certain that this effort
     will demoralize his older brother.  but jerome has been foxing -
     waiting for him to catch up.  jerome smiles at anton.  with
     almost a trace of sympathy, he forges ahead again.  anton is
     forced to go with him.  they swim again for a long distance.

     it is anton who gradually becomes demoralized - his strokes
     weaken, his will draining away.  anton pulls up, exhausted and
     fearful.  jerome also pulls up.  however his face displays none
     of anton's anxiety.

     they tread water several yards apart.  the ocean is choppier
     now.  the view of the lights on the shore is obscured by the
     peaks of the waves.

                           anton
                      (panic starting to show)
              vincent, where's the shore?  we're too far out.
              we have to go back!

                           jerome
                      (calling back)
              too late for that.  we're closer to the other side.

     anton looks towards the empty horizon.

                           anton
              what other side?  how far do you want to go?!
              do you want to drown us both?
                      (becoming hysterical)
              how are we going to get back?!

     jerome merely smiles back at his younger brother, a disturbingly
     serene smile.

                           jerome
                      (eerily calm)
              you wanted to know how i did it.  that's
              how i did it, anton.  i never saved anything
              for the swim back.

     anton stares at jerome, aghast.  the two men face each other in
     silence, treading water several yards apart in the dark, rolling
     ocean.

     jerome turns and heads back towards the shore.  anton is left
     alone with the terrifying realization.  the only sound, the wind
     and the water.


