     int.  gattaca - departure lounge.  night.

     jerome enters a large holding area along with his other eleven
     crew members.

     jerome's heart sinks as he recognizes lamar, greeting the crew
     for one final unexpected substance test.  his colleagues
     groan good-naturedly but it is clearly far more than an
     inconvenience to jerome.  he looks towards the door he has just
     entered but there is no way back.  one by one the crew are
     ushered behind a screen.  before he can think of a way out, it
     is jerome's turn.  he enters the cubicle.

                           jerome
                      (as he takes the plastic cup from lamar)
              what's this, lamar?

                           lamar
              new policy.

     from behind, we see jerome unzip his fly.  however for once
     jerome does not urinate on cue - unused to operating his own
     equipment in front of the physician.

                           lamar
                      (intrigued by the
                      out-of-character discharge)
              flight got you nervous?

                           jerome
              there's a problem, lamar.

                           lamar
                      (apparently not listening)
              did i ever tell you about my son, jerome?  he's
              a big fan of yours.  he wants to apply here.

     jerome realizes he has no choice.  resigned to his fate, he
     begins to fill the cup.

                           jerome
                      (as he urinates)
              just remember, lamar, i could have gone up
              and back and nobody would have been the wiser--

                           lamar
                      (cutting him off)
              --unfortunately my son's not all that they
              promised.  but then, who know what he could do.

     lamar takes the cup from jerome in his gloved hand.  jerome
     anxiously watches his sample poured into the analyzer.

     confirming jerome's worst fears, the face of 20-year-old vincent
     appears on the computer screen.  however lamar does not look at
     the screen.  he stares jerome in the eye.

                           lamar
              for future reference--
                      (a brief glance to where
                      jerome has just zipped his fly)
              --righthanded men don't hold it with their
              left.  it's just one of those things.

     never lookig at the screen, lamar presses a button marked,
     "valid".

                           lamar
                      (knowing smile)
              have a safe trip, vincent.

     jerome exits up a long enclosed escalator, realizing that lamar
     has known all along.


