     int.  24-hour sequencing lab.  night.

     "sequencing-while-u-wait".  similar to a 1-hour photo lab, the
     store - little more than a booth - displays a price list on the
     wall.  "full sequence - $80".  irene waits in line with a cross-
     section of other customers.  she checks the contents of the
     envelope that contains the hair.

     the young woman in line ahead of her allows the technician to
     take a swab from her full lips with a q-tip.

                           technician
              how old?

                           young woman
                      (confused)
              me?

                           technician
                      (mustering patience, referring
                      to the q-tip)
              the specimen.

                           youung woman
                      (proudly)
              i kissed him five minutes ago.  a real good one.

     overhearing, several people in the line snicker.

                           technician
                      (long-suffering)
              i'll see what i can do.

     the technician hands the swab to an assistant.  the young woman
     is handed a number and takes a seat.  irene hands her envelope
     over the counter.  she too is handed a number.  we follow
     jerome's follicle as another technician places it in an
     analyzing machine.


     int/ext.  sequencing lab / parking lot.  night.

     the technician returns the envelope to irene along with a
     miniature compact disc.

                           technician
                      (remarking on the profile result)
              9.4...very nice.

     irene does not appear to share the technician's enthusiasm.
     she emerges from the sequencing lab and enters her car.  taking
     a palm-top computer from her purse, she inserts the disc into
     the computer.  jerome's counterfeit genetic profile appears on
     the screen.  the details confirm her worst fears.


