     ext.  gattaca - landscaped gardens.  day.

     a silicon police tape cordons off the crime scene.  from the
     landscaped garden, a crowd of gattaca employees view the
     proceedings through the glass walls.

                           employee 1
                      (staring at the director's body)
              awful.

                           employee 2
              yeah, awful it didn't happen sooner.

     nervous smirks from nearby employees.  we focus on jerome.
     standing slightly apart from the others, he does not appear to
     share the joke, or perhaps even hear it.  jerome watches, wide-
     eyed, as a detective approaches his work station with a mini-
     vac.  a chill goes through jerome as the detective's cleaner
     passes over his desk.

     jerome is distracted by a smear on the window, obstructing his
     view.  without thinking, he breathes on the glass and rubs the
     smear away with his elbow.  nearby, elderly janitor, caesar
     notices jerome's fastidious act and reads the panic in jerome's
     eyes.  director josef suddenly appears at jerome's shoulder.
     standing a pace behind the director, computer notepad in hand,
     is irene.

                           director josef
              you're lucky to be getting out of this.

                           jerome
              we're still going ahead as planned?

                           director josef
              the launch window is only open until week's
              end.  tragic though this event may be, it
              hasn't stopped the planets turning.

     he glances towards a group of detectives headed by hugo.

                           director josef
              you'll have to excuse me, jerome.  i have to
              meet with the authorities--naturally, we're
              co-operating in any way, although i won't
              tolerate a major disruption.
                      (as he departs)
              i wish i was going with you, jerome.

     as the pair depart, jerome and irene exchange a glance.  irene
     is also aware of jerome's unease.


