               int. munson house - living room - night

               above the fireplace is an oil portrait of a serious-looking 
               black man of late middle-age with a neatly groomed mustache 
               starting to gray. a couple of candles sit on the mantel below 
               the portrait, giving it the semblance of a shrine.

               mrs. munson enters and lights the candles.

                                     mrs. munson
                         othar, i went'n complained about 
                         weemack, i hope it'll do some good. 
                         that boy hangin' by a thread! over 
                         the pit! fiery pit! "i left my wallet 
                         in el segundo"!

               she shakes out the match and sits in a rocker and takes up 
               her knitting. as she sits she gives an audible groan.

                                     mrs. munson
                         ...sixty-seven years of life, forty-
                         six years of marriage, you mean to 
                         tell me you never one time suffered 
                         from piles? it's the human condition, 
                         most humans anyway. like that ball 
                         player said: world's got two kinds 
                         of folks -- them that's got piles 
                         and them that's gonna get 'em. but 
                         you was always healthy as an ox...

               there is the distant moan of a riverboat horn.

                                     mrs. munson
                         ...passed on before you got piles. 
                         mmmmhmm. thank the lord you wasn't 
                         sick. you don't wanna sicken 'n die. 
                         no, you wanna pass nice 'n peaceful... 
                         go to sleep one night, wake up in 
                         the glory land... woof...

               a gust of wind hums under the eaves; the candles below the 
               portrait flicker. as mrs. munson looks around the room, 
               vaguely towards the ceiling, sensing a negative aura, the 
               cat arches its back and hisses.

               at this moment the doorbell rings.

                                     mrs. munson
                         ...well who's that now, pickles?

               she grunts as she hoists herself out of the chair.

               i/e. munson house - foyer - night

               she opens the door--

               a draft--

