      int. cargo hold - under water -

      the gold is gone. bond swims a few yards in: nothing. a vast empty
      space. bond's flare sputters and dies. he drops it, lights another.

      as he turns to exit, something glints on the deck below the hatch.
      he moves toward it.

      new angle - closer -

      a half-chewed gold bar is wedged between a brace and the bulkhead.
      bond reaches for it, feeling the worm's drill marks on the gold.

      just as he yanks the bar out, a moray eel lashes out from behind the
      brace, baring its teeth.

      still clutching the gold bar, bond jumps back, and shoots up, into:

      passage way -(int. indomitable) - under water -

      where he collides with something floating just below the ceiling.
      dropping the flare on the impact, bond twists around to see:

      the face of a floating dead sailor.

      back to scene -

      throwing wildly gyrating shadows, the flare drops to the deck, roll-
      ing under some debris. regaining his composure, bond slips the gold
      bar into a webbed sack on his belt, then moves to retrieve the flare.

      close on hatch/deck -

      bond reaches for the flare, under a section of the torn hatch cover.
      he notices the broken uranium grinding tooth. he picks it up, stuffs
      it into his sack, and swims off.

                                                                   cut to:

      underwater bottom - anchor -

      bond swims to the anchor line, grabs hold, and starts up. on the
      way, he glances at his gauges:

      insert gauges -

      depth: 160 feet - air capacity: below red line - empty. the ambient
      light level on the gauges suddenly darkens.

      bond looks up to the surface -

      his pov -

      a black hull has blotted out the light... and something large and
      heavy is falling straight at 007.

      bond -

      kicks away from the anchor-line just as a 1000 pound anchor streaks
      by. he looks up again:

      three divers are in the water.

      one carries a strange-looking harpoon-type gun; another trails a
      cable. the divers have fanned out, looking for 007.

      bond -

      realizes his best chance is to take one of the men hostage.

      flashing his knife, bond cuts the cord to his gold/uranium sack,
      stuffs the sack into his baggy swim trunks.

      bond rockets up, slamming into diver #1. a confusion of bubbles.

      and just as bond overcomes the man - spinning him around, holding the
      knife to the diver's throat -

      diver #2 shoots the harpoon-type gun, and a dolphin net explodes out,
      enveloping bond and the diver in a mesh. (note: this is a real,
      'fish friendly' research tool.)

      diver #3 hooks the cable he's been trailing onto the net, and -

