      int. airlock -

      bond finishes pressing the shoelaces around the door lock... then
      turns up his shirt collar to pull out a wire that's been hidden
      inside.

      he connects it between the explosive on the handcuff chain and the
      detonator, then steals a glance out the window at:

      yung -

      still guiding the worm with the joy stick. his eyes are focused on:

      the control panel (including video screen, showing worm's pov) -

      where yung sees the gate looming ahead on the video screen. he
      presses a nearby button marked "start grinders"... and the video
      goes black, replaced by the words "grinders engaged."

      underwater -(intake tunnel) -

      the worm bares its lethal teeth; and revs up to speed. meanwhile -

      bond -

      closes his eyes, presses the detonator, and -

      yung -

      hears a small boom from inside the airlock.

                              yung
                       (to the guard)
                 check it out. be careful.

      the guard picks up his machine pistol, starts to the door.

      inside the airlock -

      bond (with his hands now free) is quickly rewiring the detonator to
      the plastique explosive around the door handle.

      yung maneuvers the joy-stick, as -

      underwater (intake tunnel)

      the worm's teeth are beginning to cut into the steel bars.

      the guard approaches the door.

      bond braces himself inside the airlock.

      the guard peers into the window -

      and suddenly... boom! the door blows open with a shattering blast!

      new angle - the control room -

      the guard is blasted backward, dead. bond rolls out, scrambling for
      the weapon. yung slams his hand on a button marked "auto-pilot." a
      caption appears on the video screen "target locked," and -

      as bond grabs the gun, bringing it up to shoot, yung dives on top of
      him. they struggle, and the gun skitters across the floor towards
      the window overlooking the blue cooling pool.

      breaking free, bond moves around a console for the gun. yung takes a
      shortcut - leaping on, and then over the console, as -

      the worm (underwater - intake tunnel) -

      chews through the last of the iron bars, and glides through the hole
      toward the silvery reactor core, 35 feet ahead.

      bond and yung -

      have squared off in a short, brutal martial arts battle.

      (the fight takes place in the space between the consoles and the
      reactor core window; the gun, lies on the ground between them.)

      they trade punch after punch - and although bond is holding his own,
      yung is every bit his equal.

      backing off, bond spins into a crescent kick -

      but yung catches bond's foot, and shoves bond backwards, crashing
      against a wall near a fire extinguisher.

      meanwhile, all through this...

      the worm is getting closer to the core.

      return on bond and yung -

      as yung reaches down for the gun, bond grabs the fire extinguisher
      from the wall. he rushes yung, blasting him with co2.

      in the white smoke, yung drops the gun... then charges at bond,
      headbutting him, twisting, and turning 007... smashing bond
      backwards against the glass window.

      the window shatters. bond is winded. and as he struggles to stop
      himself from falling backwards into the reactor room...

      yung does a flying, feet first kick to finish the job -

      but at the last second, bond ducks, reaches up, and uses yung's
      momentum to send him flying over bond's head into -

      the reactor room.

      he sails through the air, heading for the cooling pool 20' below, as -

      the worm closes in on the silver reactor core.

      screaming, yung hits the water feet first, and -

      underwater (reactor core) -

      the worm burrows in on him.

      return on the control room -

      bond races to hit the "emergency reactor shut down" button. he pulls
      a fire alarm, disconnects the worm, and sets off an "emergency
      decontamination" system, spraying the room with a mist of water.

      finally, bond retrieves the gun, and pauses to look down at:

      the reactor pool (bond's pov) -

      there's a cloud of red in the middle of the blue water.

      return to scene -

      bond goes to the dead guard. gets the key, removes his handcuff
      bracelets, then hoists the dead guard over his shoulder, and exits.

