      ext. sea -

      the net erupts through the surface, is hauled up into the air, and
      deposited on -

      the deck of a self-propelled salvage barge.

      (an old scow, with a large crane, two-story deck-house, and a crew
      whose idea of 'cruise-wear' runs to tattoos and grotesque scars.

      bond's pov - through his diving mask -

      as the water drains from his mask, bond sees the mesh being pulled
      away, and five goons come into focus, training automatic weapons on
      him. (bond still has the diver from behind, knife to his throat.)

      one of the goons reaches forward, ripping off bond's mask. 007 sees:

      taro - (ext. salvage barge, deck) -

      brandishing an uzi at bond, with a malevolent smile:

                              taro
                 uzi beats knife.

                              bond
                 ...interesting point.

      bond sticks the knife into the deck, and releases the hostage.

                              taro
                 get him up. take his belt.
                       (motioning to wade)
                 take the two of them to the captain.

      the men grab bond roughly, and shove him next to wade.

                              taro
                 by the way. i almost forgot.
                       (smashing bond)
                 i owed you one.

      bond and wade are frog-marched to the bridge, passing under the gaze
      of various cutthroat crew members. wade is completely unfazed.

                              wade
                       (sniffs the air)
                 smell that jimmy? sea kelp.

      bond gives wade a look.

                              wade
                 hey - it could be worse. at least
                 they speak english.

      bond glances up at a crew member, sharpening a machete, smiling.

                              bond
                 ...somehow, that's not reassuring.

