      ext. rialto bridge - first (up) staircase - night

      pushing past carnival-goers, bond rushes up the central staircase of
      the bridge. at the top, looking onto the main span, he sees -

      the effigy of carnival procession, approaching like a tidal wave.

      bond throws a look over his shoulder, and sees the three men, rushing
      up the stairs, knocking people out of the way like bowling pins -
      completely unaware of the oncoming parade at the top.

      bond turns to face the men... and suddenly throws his cape up,
      dramatically, like batman - blocking their view of the procession.

      stamper and the two thugs hesitate for a moment -

      and bond pulls the cape to his body, just as the procession surges
      past him, and spills down the stairs, overwhelming stamper & co.

                              bond
                       (to himself, flexing the cape)
                 so that's how he does it.

      bond disappears into the oncoming crowd.

      stamper and thug #2 are pushed to the bottom of the staircase - but
      thug #1 bulls his way up, shouldering through the crowd.

      rialto bridge - second (down) staircase - night

      as bond nears the bottom of the staircase, he looks back up:

      thug #1 is coming down the stairs like an infernal machine, tossing
      carnival-goers aside like rag-dolls. spotting bond, he charges -

      but gets caught between two men carrying a satin banner. he goes
      right through it - ripping the material apart with his bare hands,
      pulling the men down, after him.

      base of the rialto bridge - canal sidestreet - night

      bond turns past the wall at the bottom of the colonnade. he sees:

      a group of tourists, posing for a photo by the bridge -

      and just beyond this -

      a street seller hawking souvenirs from a push cart.

      bond approaches the tourist with the camera, offering to take the
      picture for him.

                              bond
                 prego, prego. permissio.

                              tourist
                 grazie.

      bond takes the camera. the tourists pose. and with perfect timing,
      bond turns, and - pop! - sets off the flashbulb in thug #l's face
      just as he comes around the corner.

      bond flips the camera back to the tourist -

                              bond
                 grazie -

      and heads for the pushcart. wheeling it around, he shoves it at the
      thug, who is still stumbling, blinded by the flashbulb.

      the cart slams into the man, knocking him on his back. the cart
      stops on top of him, pinning him down.

      bond takes off, threading through the crowd toward a sidestreet.

      meanwhile, the street seller rushes to his wrecked cart. it erupts
      in the air as thug #1 jumps to his feet. he's getting really pissed
      off. he looks around for bond - just catching a glimpse of him, as -

      007 disappears down the sidestreet.

      thug #1 makes a bee-line for bond - but finds his path blocked by two
      motorcyclists, chatting away. barely stopping, thug #1 lifts one of
      the motorcycles - with the driver still in the seat - and throws it
      into the canal.

      return on the base of the bridge -

      stamper and thug #2 arrive at the wrecked cart - in time to see thug
      #1 disappear onto the side street.

      stamper motions for thug #2 to come with him on a parallel course
      along the canals toward -

      the plaza san salvatore - night

      bond enters the deserted plaza from the side-street. sticking close
      to the buildings, he ducks into an alleyway.

      alleyway - off the plaza san salvatore -

      shrinking back into the shadows, bond peers out into the plaza.

      bond's pov - the plaza

      stamper and thug 2 charge in. bond watches as they split up and
      start looking for him.

      return on bond - in the shadows -

      suddenly, a huge hand grabs 007's shoulder, spinning him around:

      thug #1 has bond in his grasp, with murder his eyes. in one fast
      move, bond side-steps, ducks, and twists out of the cloak, throwing
      it over the thug's head. and as the thug struggles to get out from
      under it, bond slams him head-first into a wall, knocking him out.
      (he's left sitting upright, slumped against the wall.)

      new angle -

      bond heads off down the alleyway, away from the plaza, toward the
      courtyard of il bovolo.

      return on alleyway entrance -

      thug #2 enters, spots the figure in bond's cloak. very quietly, he
      pulls out his gun, kneels... and as he brings the gun up to the
      cloaked figure's head, chambering a round -

      the cloak erupts, with thug #1 viciously biting thug #2's gun-hand,
      hurling him against the opposite wall.

      with a frustrated fury, thug #1 rips off the cloak, and stands.

                              thug #2
                 marco - i didn't know -

                              thug #1
                 after him!

      they charge off.

      il bovolo - courtyard - night

      bond enters from the alley, scans the courtyard: three walls. no
      way out... save for a spiral staircase that leads up to the fourth
      floor interior balcony, overlooking the courtyard.

      the spiral stairs -

      bond takes the marble steps, two at a time.

      return on the courtyard -

      the two thugs enter the square. motioning for quiet, they hear
      bond's footfalls on the steps, and race up after him.

      the balcony -

      coming off the staircase, bond tries the doors to the interior of the
      building: locked. too heavy to burst in. he glances down at the
      courtyard, and hears the thugs' footsteps running up the stairs.

      bond glances up to the roof, just above his head: the only escape.

      pocketing his mask, bond hops on the banister, reaches for the
      gutter. he pulls himself up, throws a leg over - onto the roof, and
      disappears from sight...

      just as the thugs enter the balcony from the staircase.

      first rooftop -

      bond scurries along the steeply pitched terra-cotta roof. there are
      sheer drops on three sides - but the fourth side is a one-story drop
      to an adjoining building. bond jumps.

      second (lower) rooftop -

      007 lands on another steeply pitched roof; unable to get a foothold
      on the tiles, he slides down, rolling to the edge. he looks down:
      the adjoining building is one story lower, with a skylight roof.

      as bond struggles to climb back to the peak of the second roof -

      return on the balcony -

      thug #1 holsters his gun, and climbs on the banister. he's too heavy
      to climb onto the roof by himself - so thug #2 shoves him from below.

      first rooftop -

      thug #1 searches for bond. he hears bond moving, below him, on the
      next building. he makes a running leap.

      second (lower) rooftop -

      bond has hauled himself up to a crouch as thug #1 lands. they
      grapple. the thug sends bond sliding down toward the edge of the
      roof, then loses his balance, and slides down after bond.

      at the edge of the roof, bond is about to slide off, onto the
      skylight below, but grabs the copper gutter at the last moment.

      007 is now hanging, fifteen feet above a glass skylight... as thug #1
      tumbles off the edge of the roof, and saves himself by grabbing onto
      bond's legs.

      they sway in the air for a second. the gutter bends, breaks, and the
      two of them fall -

      crashing through the glass skylight, into: -

      venice medieval armor museum - night.

      they land in a shower of glass on the grand banquet table in the
      great hall. bond is winded. thug #1, unfazed. he grabs bond by the
      collar, hauling him up on his feet.

      thug #1 shoves the nose of his gun under bond's chin, forcing 007 up
      on his toes. snarling, he thrusts his face menacingly close to bond:

                              thug #1
                 i owe you some pain.

      with lightning speed, bond: 1) grasps the thug's elbow and yanks his
      gun arm forward, as, 2) bond pitches his head back. bond's chin just
      clears the barrel as the gun fires into the ceiling.

      the flash momentarily blinds thug #1. bond snatches a candelabra,
      and smashes it against the thug's arm, knocking the gun away.

      as bond draws his walther, the thug grabs bond's wrist, and brutally
      (yet effortlessly) squeezes the gun from 007's hand, onto the floor.

      with a sick smile, the thug tosses bond into a corner of the room.
      he's having fun.

      as bond staggers, picking himself up from the corner -

      thug #1 tosses aside a massive table and chairs to get at bond.

      bond shoves a suit of armor (on wheels) at thug #1 - who bats it out
      of the way, like a gnat.

      concerned this might be getting serious, bond grabs an oak leg from
      the shattered table. he wields it like a bat, to ward off the thug.

      unimpressed, the thug smashes his fist into a glass display table,
      and plucks out a claymore - a two-handed "king arthur" type sword.

      with one roundhouse blow, thug #1 slices bond's table leg in two.
      the thug swings the claymore a second time, forcing bond back to:

      a display wall -

      filled with pole weapons. bond snatches a lethal-looking halberd.
      (ax, fluke and spike on a staff.) thug #1 stops in his tracks.
      drops the claymore. grabs a pole-ax.

      the two men face off in a short, furious battle, which ends with thug
      #1 shattering bond's halberd with the pole-ax.

      new angle -

      gripping the pole-ax horizontally in both hands, thug #1 forces bond
      backward, to a second display wall that features an iron maiden.
      (something like a hinged sarcophagus, lined with spikes.)

      thug #1 tries to push 007 into the case, but bond side-steps at the
      last minute. thug #1 lurches forward, and is only stopped from
      killing himself by the pole-ax hitting the sides of the iron maiden.

      as thug #1 steps back, bond grabs a morning-star from the wall. (a
      studded iron ball on a chain attached to a club)

      bond swings the morning-star down, snapping thug #1's pole-ax in
      two... but loses the weapon in the process.

      now, thug #1 lunges for bond's throat. grappling, they slam into the
      wall next to the iron maiden - which is starting to come loose from
      the leather straps holding it upright.  -

      in a near death-grip, bond manages to push/kick/smash thug #1
      backwards, down onto the floor.

      and as bond reaches up for another weapon - a hand-ax -

      thug #1 lunges for bond's gun on the floor.

      bond can't get the hand-ax off the wall. he turns to see:

      thug #1 about to shoot him.

      and at the very last second, bond dislodges the hand-ax, slashes the
      iron maiden's leather retaining straps and -

      new angle - from inside the iron maiden's pov -

      the iron maiden falls forward, impaling thug #1 on the wooden floor.

      return to scene -

      the iron maiden covers all of thug #1, except for his arm, still
      clutching bond's gun. bond bends down and retrieves it.

                              bond
                 he fought hard...
                       (holstering the gun)
                 but the case was terminal.

      and on this note, we -

                                                              dissolve to:

