      int. warship weapons control room -

                              firing officer
                 cruise missile away -

      mi-6 situation room -

                              firing officer's voice (cont'd)
                 time to target: four minutes.

                              admiral roebuck
                 i appreciate your assistance, m. but
                 this is now a military operation.

                              m
                       (urgently, to tanner)
                 bring up the tracking satellite. and
                 get 007 out of there.

      tanner hits a button - and a third video screen appears, displaying a
      satellite view of the area, detailing the cruise's path and progress.

                              tanner
                 one to seven: exit target area.
                 repeat -

                              bond's voice
                 seven to one. negative. wait.

      the rock outcropping -

      bond has taken his eye from the scope. he's peering at:

      the mig-29's - ("mig-1," and "mig-2") -

      a forklift appears from behind the truck blocking the view of "mig-l"
      a tall bald man is riding the empty fork, with his back to us.

      bond -

      puts his eye back on the scope, shifts the rifle -

      mi-6/video wall -

      bond's scope view settles on the bald man. the forklift reaches the
      back of the truck. he steps off as the fork begins rising to unload
      something. and as the man turns, facing us to scan the area:

                              tanner
                 oh, no.

                              m
                 who is it?

                              tanner
                       (calling up his stats)
                 kim dae yung. north korean nuclear
                 specialist.

                              m
                 meaning there may be nuclear material
                 down there?

      tanner nods. a look passes from m, to bukharin, to roebuck.

      the cruise missile -

      hugging the surface, crossing from water to land.

      mi-6 situation room -

                              voice from warship
                 time to target: three minutes.
                       (sfx: beep!)
                 target acquired. weapon armed.

      tension. adrenaline. quiet panic. on the screen, the fork lift has
      pulled a red box from the truck, a short round man appearing with it.

                              m
                 who is that?!? what's in the box??

                              tanner
                       (punching buttons)
                 i don't know. he's not in the database -

                              m
                       (to bukharin)
                 what's in the box, general?
                       (he shrugs)
                 what's in the box???

      bukharin
      (sheepishly)
      ... we usually... transport...
      weapons grade uranium.

      shock sweeps the room. m turns on tanner:

                              m
                 will it go off?

                              tanner
                 maybe. maybe not.

                              m
                 abort the cruise.

                              admiral roebuck
                 it's too late -

                              m
                 get bond out of there.

                              tanner
                 one to seven - one to seven -

      bond - squinting through the rifle at the outcropping -

                              bond
                 negative, one. not yet.

      the truck/mig-l, on the ground/through the scope -

      the bald man slaps the back of the truck obscuring mig-1. the truck
      pulls away, revealing mig-l's wing. hanging from the weapons pod: a
      nuclear bomb.

      bond - at the rock outcropping -

      mutters a curse.

      mi-6 situation room -

                              tanner
                 soviet sb-9 nuclear torpedo. yield,
                 one kiloton.

                              m
                 will the cruise set it off?

                              tanner
                 yes.

                              admiral roebuck
                       (to bukharin)
                 jesus. can't you people keep
                 anything locked up?

                              general bukharin
                 we didn't know it was missing.

                              m
                 get me the prime minister. alert
                 nato, the cia, the pentagon.
                       (presses a button:)
                 seven: this is a direct order. i
                 want you out of there. do you copy?

      the rock outcropping -

      bond's headset lies on top of the rock, along with the telescopic
      sight - still broadcasting.

      find bond, crouching behind the rock. automatic rifle in one hand,
      grenade in the other. he pulls the pin, hurls it 40 feet away.
      pauses. waits, counting down time. then -

      bond springs. shoots at one of the crates. it blows up, just as -
      the grenade explodes.

      there's panic on the ground. men running everywhere as the radar/
      gatling gun spins, and sends a hail of fire at bond's diversion.

      and with this, bond is off, sprinting into the chaos.

      the same scene - video screen - mi-6 situation room.

      stoned silence. disbelief. tanner whispers:

                              tanner
                 god help him.

      the cruise missile - flying through a mountain ravine -

      god help the rest of us.

      the secret air base -

      as various factions shoot at each other (who's the traitor?) bond
      streaks toward the action. without breaking stride, he swings his
      gun to the right: two bursts. three men die. still running, he
      swings to the left: another burst. two more down.

      ahead, bond sees the flight crews dashing for the mig's. he makes a
      beeline for mig-1.

      angle on the bald man -

      slamming the gate on the red box in a cargo truck. rushing to the
      passenger door. climbing in. the short round man floors the
      accelerator, driving them away.

      the cruise missile - starting its descent down a mountain

      mi-6 situation room - m, watching helplessly -

                              voice from warship
                 time to target: thirty seconds.

      wide on mig-1 -

      the pilot climbs the ladder to the cockpit. running at full tilt,
      bond leaps, pulls the man down. they fall to the tarmac, fighting.
      bond shoves a knife in the man's ribs, killing him.

      kneeling, bond takes the pilot's helmet off. he looks up: a man is
      coming at him with a gun. in one unbroken move, bond yanks the knife
      from the pilot's body and throws it - thwack - into the man's heart.

      angle on mig-2's pilot - watching this from his cockpit.

      return on bond - climbing into the cockpit -

      where the copilot (having climbed in from the other side,) sees it's
      not the right guy. as he fumbles for a weapon, bond bashes him with
      the helmet. the copilot collapses into his seat, unconscious.

      bond settles into his seat, fires the engines, closes the double
      canopy, and begins taxiing out.

      the cruise missile - crossing over the perimeter of the air base

      mi-6 situation room - roebuck, tanner, m, watching, unable to breathe -

      high angle - the runway -

      the cruise skims in directly over bond's plane, speeding to takeoff.

      (int. bond's mig) bond shoves the throttles to the fireball and -

      the video-wall - mi-6 situation room -

      ka-boom!!!! the scene on the screen erupts in a giant explosion -
      then turns to video-snow. is bond alive? no one in london knows.

      high angle - the air base -

      the fireball grows and grows, a raging hell. and just when it seems
      no one could possibly survive: bond's mig rockets out of the flames!!

