      ext. passageway -

      with flaming debris still falling around him, bond is stealthily
      moving down a passageway toward the front of the ship.

      (bond has two goals in mind at this point: first, to neutralize any
      threats, and second, to save sidney if she's still alive.)

      arriving at a bulkhead door, bond checks both directions down the
      passageway, then pokes his head inside -

      and is suddenly yanked backwards, out into the passageway, thrown
      against a railing.

      bond looks up:

      stamper stands with a smile on his face. one arm is raised above his
      head, grasping the worm on the swinging boom. the worm is attached
      to the boom by a thin metal cable.

                              stamper
                 you're mine now.

      bond rushes at stamper, slamming into him. the man doesn't flinch.
      with his free hand, he grabs bond by his shirt, and throws him
      against a steel wall. bond crashes to the deck.

      as bond recovers, stamper (still smiling) presses a red button on a
      wall, and the worm comes to life.

      stamper closes in on bond with the worm.

      bond tries to stand, but stamper flings him back down, pinning bond
      against the wall with his free hand as he -

      maneuvers the worm towards bond's head.

      with the cutting blades whirring inches away from bond's nose -

                              stamper
                 i'm going to do this slowly -

      bond executes a scissor kick to stamper's ankles. stamper tumbles
      sideways. bond rolls away from the worm -

      but by the time bond gets to his feet, stamper has recovered, and is
      rushing at bond full force, with the worm.

      stamper thrusts the worm at bond once. bond ducks. the worm chews
      into the wall.

      pulling the device back, stamper thrusts a second time - (same
      action,) then a third (same action) - still missing bond.

      insert - close on the cable spool/cable -

      with all the yanking and pulling, a loop of slack has developed in
      the cable, on the ground.

      return to scene -

      stamper is about to attack bond a fourth time when bond kicks him in
      the groin. stamper doubles over in pain -

      and the worm flies out of his hand, swinging on the boom over the
      side of the ship.

      underwater -

      the grinders propel the worm forward, into the hull.

      sidney - (int. storage room) -

      hears a strange vibrating sound from the wall.

      harmsway - (int. bridge) -

                              harmsway
                       (barking into the radio)
                 stamper! report in!

