      int. press room -

      bond and sidney enter at the top of the metal stairs bond came down
      earlier to meet harmsway.

      the presses are running full blast; the noise is deafening.

      at the "start" end of the presses - where the paper is fed in - bond
      sees a giant roll of newsprint on a crane, about to be loaded.

      directly beyond this is the door to the elevator/wash-up room where
      bond and harmsway exited earlier. -

      coming out of that door, bond sees three guards in harmsway blazers
      carrying guns.

      bond shoots the hook on the crane carrying the newsprint roll.

      it crashes to the ground, rolling backwards on the guards. as they
      start scrambling around it -

      bond and sidney race down the stairs, turning in the opposite direc-
      tion (toward the finishing end of the press, near the garage...)

      they encounter a gorilla-sized pressman, with an oversized crowbar.

      bond and the pressman square off. bond tries to get around him. the
      man lifts his crowbar to smash bond with it. bond tries to block the
      descending crowbar with his gun - but the crowbar snaps it in half.

      bond and the pressman engage in a short, furious fight - throwing
      each other against the side of the press...

      which ends when bond finally gets the upper hand for a second, and
      pushes the man back, into a pile of ink drums. momentarily stunned,
      bond forces the man's head into an open ink drum -

      and as he comes up, covered with ink, gasping for air, sidney bops
      him on the head with the crowbar.

      now, bond and sidney take off, toward the garage/exit -

      but one of the guards (from the crashing roll of newsprint) darts out
      from between the banks of the printing press, tripping bond.

      bond stumbles, face down - then spins over, kicking up at the guard
      as he comes to finish bond off.

      the guard stumbles backward -

      crashing against a newspaper baling machine. (a large machine that
      wraps steel or plastic bands around bundles of papers for delivery.)

      rushing the man, bond struggles with him - and manages to flip the
      baling switch - literally tying the man up. the only problem is that
      as bond turns -

      the last guard has sidney in a choke-hold; he's aiming a gun at bond.
      seemingly at once, (1) sidney bites the guard's forearm, (2) bond
      ducks, (3) the guard shoots wildly, (4) the gun drops, and (5) -

      bond rushes the man, knocking him backwards into the printing press,
      pulling sidney away at the last moment.

      the guard is sucked up in the press rollers, and...

      the pages running through the newsprint web suddenly turn bright red.

                              bond
                 he was bad news.

      spotting more guards coming down the far staircase, bond grabs sidney
      and the gun, and runs to the newspaper delivery chute.

                              bond
                 down there!

      they jump into it, sliding down, and around an aluminum chute into:

