      ext. lifeboat -

      rocked by waves from the sinking ship. the cook, a marine, and three
      crewmen hear a splash along side. two of the crew pull the sonar
      officer aboard. he takes a minute to catch his breath, then:

                              sonar operator
                 six. that's it? only six of us?

                              cook
                 most of the crew never made it to
                 their life jackets. the captain?

                              sonar officer
                       (shrugs, then:)
                 the first officer stayed on the bridge.

      one of the crewman spots something in the distance:

                              crewman
                 hey - look! over there!

      new angle - (rock outcropping - strait of malacca - night)

      the sea dolphin ii emerges from a cove, looking like a ghostly white
      apparition in the fog.

      return on the lifeboat -

      the men yell and wave and whistle, hoping to be saved.

      closer on the sea dolphin ii - deck -

      elliot harmsway removes a pair of binoculars from his face. turns to
      yung, standing next to him at the rail:

                              harmsway
                 lovely night for a shipwreck, isn't it?

      yung looks at harmsway like he's crazy. oblivious, harmsway looks at
      his watch, then looks through the binoculars again - and begins to
      whistle the opening notes of my fair lady's "wouldn't it be loverly."
      ("all i want is a room somewhere, far away from the cold night air")

      the lifeboat -

      as the men cry for help, the sonar operator spots something just
      below the surface, moving toward the lifeboat at great speed.

      he hears the hum. his eyes follow the churning water...

      and suddenly - out of nowhere - the worm hits the lifeboat from
      below, smashing it to bits, hurtling the pieces in the air.

      the sea dolphin ii -

      harmsway lowers the binoculars' smiling. stamper appears, hands
      harmsway a piece of paper.

                              stamper
                 we've decoded their last transmission.

      harmsway studies it for a moment - smiles.

                              harmsway
                 perfect. they'll be searching miles from here.
                       (then)
                 time for phase two. you can get the
                 men in the water.

      and with this, harmsway turns, and walks off, jauntily whistling
      "wouldn't it be loverly."

      stamper looks at yung, re: harmsway's glee.

                              yung
                 you heard him. get the men in the water!

      new angle - side of the sea dolphin ii - night -

      in the water next to the chip, four divers drop the last of their
      equipment in a dive boat. they cast off, motoring into the fog.

