      int. metallurgy lab - sea dolphin ii - continuous

      bond clocks the lab: power tools, test benches, a second entry
      door... and in the middle of the room -

      the red box.

      quickly, (as the echoes of harmsway's press conference can be heard
      through the portholes,) bond examines the edges of the box, looking
      for tamper-proof seals. finds none. gingerly, he opens it:

      uranium slugs. they look like black tennis ball canisters.

      bond presses a button on his watch: the geiger counter clicks wildly
      bond pauses. wants to make sure. he spots another geiger counter on
      a bench; he moves its probe over the uranium slugs: same result.

      bond closes the box. he decides to check out the rest of the room -
      examining gadgets, tools, chemicals. he opens a shallow drawer -

      and finds a set of black rotary cutting saws, with elongated teeth.
      (they look almost like a series of sharks' jaws - one oval set inside
      another )

      bond lifts one - surprised at its extreme weight. he wonders what it
      is used for. just then -

      there's a click at the second door. bond quickly replaces the
      cutting saw, moves to the first door -

      and as the second door opens, bond slips out the first, into the
      corridor, down the hall, heading for the stairs.

      back in the metallurgy lab -

      yung enters, his hairless head shining under the lights. he looks
      around, sensing something is wrong. glances: not the red box. not
      the geiger counter. but then he notices it:

      the drawer is sticking out, maybe a sixteenth of an inch.

      yung picks up a telephone.

      sea dolphin ii - topside -

      bond emerges from the bulkhead door. the press conference wrapping
      up. as bond makes his way to the rail, looking out on the cafe -

                              harmsway
                 the maiden voyage begins tonight. i
                 have some business in london - but
                 the ship will sail down the nile,
                 across the south china sea, stopping
                 in australia, winding up in san
                 francisco.

      bond stands at the rail, aims his watch at the cafe -

                              harmsway (cont'd)
                 but having said that - let's get to
                 the real business - the only thing
                 that attracts newsmen faster than a
                 breaking story the free food and
                 beverage.

