      ext. terrace set-back - twilight -

      stamper jumps back from the ledge, enraged. ax in hand, he moves to
      the window washing rig's machinery -

      and takes a roundhouse swing at the unspooling cable - but instead of
      cutting it, the ax bounces off, and the rig slides on its tracks.

      the rig - (still descending) -

      swings! sidney screams - almost falling out. bond grabs her. they
      are now 5 stories directly above the sky bridge, swaying like a giant
      pendulum - although still descending.

      return on stamper - terrace set-back - 72nd floor - twilight -

      having failed at the cable, stamper goes at the pulley feeding it.
      he swings. swings again. with each blow, the pulley shaft weakens.

      bond and sidney - (window washer's rig) -

      dropping in violent spurts - just trying to stay in the damn bucket.

      stamper - wielding the ax -

      finally, the pulley shaft shatters. the cable grinds to a halt.

      bond and sidney -

      are stopped about 20 feet above the sky bridge.

                              sidney
                       (panicked, anxious, fast)
                 what now? and don't give me some
                 movie cliché like 'trust me.'

                              bond
                       (what the hell)
                 trust me.

      and with this, he turns, and shoots out the adjacent window.

                              bond
                 let's go -

      but as he starts to climb out - sidney screams! the cable suddenly
      drops them 10 feet lower, below the window.

      the terrace set-back -

      stamper whacks away at the side of the cable drum. it's coming loose
      from its moorings.

      bond and sidney -

      look down at the curved glass top of the sky bridge - facing what
      (she thinks) is certain death:

                              sidney
                 we're going to bounce off that thing!

      bond looks up - assuming they have only seconds left before stamper
      cuts the cable. he grabs her:

                              bond
                 hold on!

      terrace set-back - 72nd floor - twilight -

      stamper takes a final swing at the cable drum. with a great clat-
      tering sound it snaps free of the moorings, smashes into the wall,
      and the whole mechanism careens over the side of the building.

      the window washer's rig -

      bond and sidney feel the cable give way. they start to free-fall.

      bond - fires his machine pistol at the glass top of the sky bridge.

      the bullets shatter the glass -

      bond and sidney crash through, into -

