      ext. aberdeen harbor - hong kong - morning -

      it is early morning in this strange harbor - a place where floating
      restaurant rise out of the fog; where an old chinese man wearing an
      la laker's jersey practices tai-chi on the bow of an ancient junk;
      where sampans cut through the chop filled with ducks, computer boxes
      and women dressed in chanel 1996, and beijing 1256... while the
      captains of these small water-taxis chatter away on cell-phones.

      at the end of the harbor, dominating this scene, the camera finds:

      the five smokestacks of the aberdeen harbor nuclear power plant.

      panning down this massive dockside facility, the image changes to:

      the same scene on a 5" portable video monitor -

      with one important difference: there's an hnn logo in lower corner.

                              asian male news reporter (vo)
                 as part of our continuing report on
                 terrorism, we're outside hong kong's
                 aberdeen harbor nuclear power plant...

      new angle (ext. power plant, front entrance, waterside) -

      two video cameramen are shooting an asian hnn reporter interviewing a
      middle-aged chinese man. we don't see the reporter's face; from the
      "over the shoulder" news angle, he's wearing a hat.

      (there's also hnn bell jetranger helicopter on the ground, and a
      seemingly empty hnn boat moored to a nearby pier.)

                              asian male news reporter (cont'd)
                 - interviewing mr. david chin, senior
                 engineer in charge of security.
                       (beat)
                 tell me, mr. chin: how safe is this
                 plant from a terrorist attack?

      he holds out a microphone to chin.

                              chin
                 totally secure. without codes, you'd
                 need a missile to blast through the
                 front door; you normally can't even get
                 this close (to the plant) without a full
                 security clearance.

                              asian male news reporter
                 ...could you say that a little closer
                 to the microphone?

      he pushes the microphone closer to chin's face:

                              chin
                 of course. you'd need -

      suddenly, a puff of white smoke emerges from the microphone... and
      chin collapses. the hnn reporter takes off his hat: it's yung.

                              yung
                       (to the guards)
                 now!

      at once, the two cameramen turn: one aims his shoulder-mounted video
      camera at a surveillance camera; the other aims at the front door.

      boom! rockets shoot out from their lenses, destroying both.

                              yung
                 let's go!

      as yung and the cameramen rush forward -

      angle on the hnn boat -

      harmsway emerges from the boat accompanied by two men carrying a box
      of equipment. he calls back to two men who have appeared on deck:

                              harmsway
                 get the machine in the water!

      they begin using a hoist to lift one of the "worms" from a hold.
      (this one looks like an open-mouthed torpedo, with an antenna on top,
      and no flexible tubing attached.)

