223   int . basement - a year later

      no windows. no clue of where we may be. a safehouse somewhere.
      the passage of time is marked on lincoln's face, careworn, long
      hair, a full beard. he sits in front of a data tablet, his image
      recorded on its screen. his voice also seems older as he speaks-

                                                                   137.



                                    lincoln
                    i t ' s been a year since the breakout. a
                    year in hiding, waiting for things to
                    quiet down. i don't know how many made
                    i t out or how many who did, survived. i
                    know there are people called politicians
                    trying to say it never happened. that's
                    why i've kept this journal. to keep the
                    truth alive. alive... i've learned what
                    that means but it still confuses me. in
                    functional terms, i've been alive for ten
                    years. in human terms, more than thirty.
                    human... i'm not sure about that one
                    either. they say i'm not human because
                    i have no mother or father. i guess i
                    have more to learn. but one word i do
                    understand is hope. so maybe this
                    j o u r n a l will give hope - to those like
                    me, who may be out there. to know
                    t h e y ' r e not alone. my name is lincoln
                    s i x - e c h o and this is my testament...

      he sits back, contemplating the screen with an air of closure.
      then he stirs at a sound. at first just a gurgle. then a moan.
      becoming the sound of a baby crying. lincoln crosses to a cot.
      he lifts up a baby boy, 6 months old, bawling and squirming.

                              a woman's voice (o.s.)
                    is he hungry again? i just fed him.

      ester steps into the room, sleep-mussed, her beauty deepened by
      maternity. the baby reaches out for her. lincoln hands him over-

                                   lincoln
                    lincoln junior, huh? it still doesn't
                    sound right. that name.

                                ester
                    i t ' s the name of his father.
      she lovingly kisses him. lincoln smiles at her, then the baby,
      sweeping the hair from the forehead. unscarred, blemishless.

                              lincoln
                    we should finish packing.

