115   ext . alley - day
      the refuge of shadow. the alley is divided by a lodeway and the
      walls on each side are jutted with dumpsters. lincoln and ester
      run up the narrowed strip of sidewalk, forced into single file.

      a huge shape looms ahead. a garbage vehicle known as a "scow".
      like a leviathan spreading its tentacles, the scow's tube-arrays
      dock with the dumpsters and start sucking the contents out.

      lincoln glances back to find ester has stopped and is cringing
      away from the tentacled monster. he returns to her, his eyes
      flicking around, aware that their real predators are close-

                                lincoln
                      we have to keep going.

      he takes ester's hand, drawing her onward. but ester recoils,
      shaking off his grip. now he looks at her more closely. she's
      panting, shuddering, fraught with trauma. her voice is haunted-

                                                                            80.



                                      ester
                     p l e a s e . . . please, i want to go back...
      she shrinks into the shadows, shaking her head. the hatchling
      wanting to return to the nest. lincoln meets her eye, deeply-

                                  lincoln
                     t h o s e men - that's what they want too.
      ester holds his gaze, chest heaving. then looks back towards the
      alley mouth. her fingers reach for her belly, clawing a little.
      then her eyes lower, assimilating, reason reasserting its heavy
      grip. lincoln senses her turmoil. his voice is soft but sturdy-

                               lincoln
                     we have to keep going, ester.

      ester looks up at him again. the forlorn air seems to have faded.
      her eyes, grimly set. her face, a little haggard. older somehow.
      she takes lincoln's hand and together they head off up the alley.

