107   ext . shuttle stop - phoenix - day

      p a s s e n g e r s climb the steps from an underground gloom. lincoln and
      ester with them, jostled by the more certain flow. they cross the
      portal onto the street and stop, dazzled by the sunlight. only to
      be dazzled again by the sudden, stunning prospect of the city...

      f i r s t there's the quality of light, a burning white, perhaps from
      depleted ozone, depicting everything in a surreal shimmer. then
      there's the towers, darkly crystalline, facets of polarized glass
      rising to domes and spires, like monolothic f i n g e r s reaching for
      the sky. the traffic flashing past, the chassis identifiable as
      trucks, taxis, compacts, sedans, streamlined in a nautical trim,
      hull runners in place of wheels. the sound of claxons, more like
      fog horns than car horns. then there's the street itself, a six-
      l a n e lodeway, lanes marked with buoys, bobbing around on cables.

                                                                            74.



      the graceful arcs of pedestrian bridges at the intersections. the
      citizens, strange hairstyles, fashions, all wearing sunglasses.
      even to us it's a wondrous sight. the urbanism, the grandeur, as
      if here in the heart of southwest, manhattan has met venice.

                                  v o i c e (o.s.)
                      he y , man, spare a little green?

      a w e interrupted, lincoln and ester look around. slouched by the
      street exit is a hobo with a mangy dog. he grins toothlessly-

                                   t h e hobo
                      a i n ' t eaten in two days, have we, boy?

      lincoln and ester step back as the dog rises to greet them. tail
      wagging, it noses forward, sniffing. then, abruptly, drops its
      tail and backs off, whining. lincoln and ester likewise back off.
      both sides have just discovered a new species. the hobo pets his
      whining canine, watching the strangers walk off with curiosity.

