66   int . community center - centerville - later

     r i n g s of empty seats round the empty stage. ester enters warily,
     walking up the aisle. lincoln waits in the shadows. he checks to
     see she hasn't been followed. then steps forward. ester recoils-

                                      ester
                     please . . . don't come any closer. i
                     don't want to get contaminated.

                                   lincoln
                     ester, i'm not contaminated.

                                ester
                     but they said...

                                lincoln
                     i'm not contaminated!

                                                                  51.



his shout echoes through the empty auditorium. ester looks at
him, alarmed by his vehemence. lincoln calms himself a little-

                                 lincoln
               contaminants, pathogens... it's just
               what they tell us to keep us inside.

                           ester
               what do you mean?

                        lincoln
               i saw it. why they keep us here. to
               use us. to take things from us.

                             ester
               you're not making sense.

                           lincoln
               your baby... they're going to take
               your baby away... you understand?

                         ester
               m y baby? why would they do that?

                        lincoln
               i don't know! but i saw it!

                             ester
               you're scaring me, lincoln...
               i want to go back now.

                          lincoln
               you can't go back! don't you get it?
                             a voice (o.s.)
               n o b o d y move! stay right where you are!

a censor steps through, stopgun l e v e l l e d . ester freezes. lincoln
hovers, mind racing. the censor moves in, tightening aim on him.
ester looks on anxiously as he approaches lincoln. lincoln now
sees the censor pulling out some plastic cuffs. the same cuffs
used on starkweather, promising the same fate... triggering him--

lincoln lunges at the censor - ramming him - toppling him across
the seats - knocking the stopgun f r o m his grasp - recoiling as--

the censor retaliates - driving a knee into his groin, doubling
him over - then a knee to his head - thudding into his skull-

                            ester
               don't hurt him!

                                                                        52.



     ester runs up grabbing at the white uniform, trying to restrain
     him - the censor swats her blindly - hitting her in the stomach--
     lincoln spins round at the sound of ester's yelp - only to be
     roundhoused b y the censor - the blow sending him to the floor--

     ester doubled over - wincing at the pain - clutching her belly
     instinctively, protectively - an ominous scowl knotting her face-
     the censor punishing lincoln - kicking him down the aisle - then
     suddenly hearing a noise from behind - turning to face it as --

     - b o o m - a gunblast r i p s the air. the brief wail of a hookhead.

     - t h u d - the censor recoiling - lurching as the hookhead b i t e s -
     starting to gag - blood jetting from his neck - a hookhead
     c l a w e d into his jugular - gurgling, collapsing to the floor--

     ester standing frozen - holding the stopgun - seeing lincoln now
     getting up - she drops the stopgun l i k e it's on fire, aghast-

                                ester
                     lincoln?

     l i k e she's asking him what she did... silence - the rasp of the
     censor, blood foaming - another sound - footfalls. lincoln goes
     to the door - an imminent mass of white uniforms. he grabs ester-

                                lincoln
                     run!!!

