161   ext . the ceremony - later

      the fire blazes across the face of a shaman. old, gnarled, and
      dry as the salt flats. with a sacred mutter, he slips a peyote
      button onto his tongue. then flings back his head, casting his
      eyes to the stars. when he lowers his head again, we see his
      pupils dilating. he rises, chanting, moving in ceremonial steps
      around the fire. tribespeople s i t in a ring, joining the chant.

      beyond the ring, others are dining at a roasting pit. roast
      rabbit. cornflour bread. the food is as it might been two
      thousand years ago. only the sight of plastic water gallons
      breaks the illusion. lincoln stands apart with grey dove, eating
      ravenously, gulping from a water gallon. he looks around-

                                                                     104.



                                 lincoln
                     what is this place?

                               grey dove
                     it is a sacred place. my people come
                     here to commune with their spirits.

      lincoln looks at him, puzzled. grey dove smiles tolerantly.

                                     grey dove
                     not easy to understand perhaps. for us,
                     the spirit is like the shadow on the
                     rock. sometimes close, sometimes far
                     away, sometimes the sky clouds and the
                     shadow fades. we come here to ask our
                     spirits to return to us. the man...
                           (gestures to the shaman)
                     he speaks to the grandfather from whom
                     all spirits are born. the great spirit
                     who binds every living thing. he has no
                     name. but he is everywhere. in the sun
                     and the moon, the wind and the rain...

      the shaman's chanting grows louder, more insistent. his circuit
      around the fire becoming faster, building in religious fervor.

                                grey dove
                     now he asks for the gift of vision that
                     he may see through to the spirit shape
                     of things. to find the spirits of the
                     lost. to bring them into the light...

      the shaman's chanting suddenly stops. he is looking directly at
      lincoln, pointing. his face, contorting with what might be anger
      or fear. he starts babbling in dialect, ardently. lincoln frowns
      in confusion. grey dove quietly draws him away from the mound.

