139   ext . downtown street - night

      the winged pig flutters over the doors of "hog heaven". another
      franchise on a more downtrodden street. lincoln emerges with a
      bag of food and drink. he considers the blue card. the reservoir,
      now close to the bottom, his resources almost exhausted. with a
      look of foreboding, he pockets the card and turns the corner.
      an d suddenly stops in his tracks. but it's not a vehicle that he
      sees. or a predator. his eyes are fixed on a holoframe billboard:

      - - a football player in montage; pummeling into a defensive line;
      running for a touchdown; gyrating in the endzone; spinning in an
      nfl podium shot, super; "nobody stops the juggernaut!"; a team
      logo, super; "come see the phoenix admirals! rulers of the afc!"
      lincoln recognizes the player's face but it's not possible. he
      waits for the loop to restart. there it is again. the face of
      starkweather two-delta. incredulous, he stops a pedestrian-

                                lincoln
                     the man, the man up there. who is he?

                                 pedestrian
                     what planet `you been living on?
                     that's the juggernaut, brother.

                                lincoln
                     the juggernaut...

                                                                          92.



                                     pedestrian
                     jamil "the juggernaut" starkweather -
                     highest rushing total in the league.
                     `least till that injury blew out his
                     gut. now the doctors are saying he'll
                     be back on his feet next season. those
                     fuckers sure can work miracles, huh?

      lincoln doesn't respond. the pedestrian shrugs and heads on,
      writing him off. lincoln lingers, staring up at the billboard.

