114   ext . terminal - day

      lincoln and ester emerge into the colonnade, rejoining the flow
      of figures. lincoln presses the pace, alert, darting looks back.
      the pale man doesn't appear to be following. but the sense of
      danger is spurring him to gain distance. ester, vicarious to the
      danger, stays close to lincoln's side, scurrying to keep up.
      neither of them notices the grey vehicle sliding up on them,
      kerbside. a commercial transit van known as a "cutter", it's a
      common sight on the streets. the driver leans out of the window -
      hair tied back, dressed in buckskins, we recognize burdon-

                                 burdon
                      you folks need a ride?

      lincoln and ester turn to look. the dark giant is just another
      stranger, cast in a demeanor of casual inquiry. he's offering an
      opportunity to gain distance but lincoln remains hesitant. the
      sense of danger, turbulent, hard to read. burdon sugars the way-

                                     burdon
                      p r i v a t e cab. no state surcharge...

      he taps a button and the side-door slips open. lincoln looks into
      the lightless c a v i t y , wavering, uncertain. ester, hugging close,
      nervous. figures passing, jostling them toward the cavity. the
      dark giant, looking on expectantly. the pause stretching, then-

                                                                78.



                           voice (o.s.)
               he y ! what the fuck are you doing, man?
b a c k down the colonnade, the hobo is gesticulating to burdon-

                        t h e hobo
               i told you! they went inside!

the hobo doesn't see lincoln and ester, unwitting that he's just
betrayed himself as their shadow... and burdon as their predator.
his dog starts barking. lincoln starts backing away with ester,
his eyes blackening, the danger surging, the dog barking, the
giant's face dropping, the elements converging... they bolt.

                           burdon
               shit!

b u r d o n jams into reverse - but his pursuit is cut short by a
parked vehicle - he swings a look back, jabbing his earpiece-

                            b u r d o n (into radio)
               n o r t h corner! north corner!

lincoln and ester race up the colonnade - against the flow of
figures - darting and weaving like fish swimming upstream --

d i g g s bursts from the north exit - launching up the north side
of the terminal - thinner foot traffic here, faster going --

lincoln and ester slowing - the flow massing under the portico -
they peel through - the holoform p h o e n i x rumbling overhead --

d i g g s turning the north corner - pausing to touch his earpiece -
now launching south down the colonnade - towards the portico -
jerking a pair of handcuffs from his belt, ready for the snatch--

lincoln and ester gaining pace - past the portico now, the way
opening - lincoln's eyes flaring - a face in the distance ahead -
the pale man - he swings ester around - doubling back to find --
b u r d o n coming up behind - the flow of figures, no obstacle -
parting at his thunderous onset - his quarry, stopped and
staring at him - almost upon them - handcuffs at the ready--

lincoln freezes - caught between the dark giant and the pale man -
ester cringing to his side - the dark giant charging up on them -
sunlight on metal - the sight of the handcuffs - triggering him--

lincoln grabs ester - swinging her off the sidewalk - lowering
her into the lodeway - leaping down to join her - lode poles
pulsing, thrumming - rivets on their denims, rattling from the
polarity - traffic soaring past on lode-stream, chest-high -

                                                                       79.



      darting out into traffic - lincoln leads ester by the hand like
      a child - across the lanes, dodging, weaving through the gaps -
      claxons b l a r i n g , deafening - sunflashes, blinding - a sudden
      shadow - a huge freight truck bearing down, no gaps ahead --

      lincoln drags ester to the ground - both flattening against the
      concrete lode-bed - the shadow engulfing them - the truck's hull
      runners shearing narrowly over their heads - the rush of air,
      sweeping off lincoln's ballcap - rousing a storm of dust--

      lincoln and ester choking - crawling onward through the dust -
      hull runners scudding overhead - maybe only a foot of clearance -
      buoy cables whipping around like cheesewire - onwards, crawling
      across the concrete - fighting their way across the lode-stream--

      b u r d o n watching from the sidewalk where lincoln and ester first
      dropped, scouring the trench for a sight of them. now he spots
      them, climbing up onto the sidewalk the far side of the street.

      d i g g s now arrives at his side, sweating, out of breath. now
      seeing their quarry take off up the far side of the street, he
      turns to his lumberous p a r t n e t , fury mixed with incredulity-

                                 diggs
                      why the fuck d i d n ' t you go after them?!

      b u r d o n just looks at him, displaying the metal brace on his fore-
      a r m . diggs, out of sheer frustration, gives him a pounding shove-

                                diggs
                      fuck!

