8   int . boxing ring - centerville - early evening

    - c r a c k - the same face recoils from a punch. jones shakes it off,
    retreating, recovering. he resets his guard as lincoln moves in.
    lincoln jabs at jones' defenses, his blowing hitting harder than
    we'd expect from his stature. suddenly he breaks through with a
    left hook. jones staggers back. a strange ripple distorts his
    face. stranger still, his skin tone takes on a grainy pallor.

    as the bout continues, we widen to see the boxing ring is indeed
    a ring rather than a square and beyond the ropes is an outer ring.
    with lincoln in fg, we now see another figure in the outer ring,
    mirroring his moves, dressed identically but for the gloves which
    are like gauntlets. the gauntlets are rigged to two armatures
    which are, in turn, rigged to a gantry-like mechanism. it glides

    noiselessly to and fro, shadowing the figure round the outer ring.
    rack focus reveals the figure is also lincoln . the real lincoln,
    in fact. the one in fg is a derivative hologram known as a "proxy".
    as lincoln fakes and jabs, the counter-weighted armatures drag
    and recoil, duplicating the exertions of his proxy. jones moves
    more sluggishly, his proxy now ghostly, transparent. now being
    sent on a last offensive only to be roundhoused by another left
    hook. jones' proxy topples and explodes into a pixellated mist.

                                                                     9.



                               lincoln
                   whoooooo!

    lincoln proxy - and lincoln - punch the air in victory. jones
    unlatches his gauntlets, sweating, galled by the defeat-

                               jones
                   sure you input the right weight class?

                                 lincoln
                   you're just too slow, jonesy.

                                 jones
                   you're faster `cause you're lighter.
                   programmers... they always miss
                   something.

                               lincoln
                   hey, you put up, now pay up.

