5   int. subway platform - sector four - day

    the subway, formed in arches of creamy ceramic tile, is not
    unlike our own. in place of escalators, moving walkways deliver
    the residents onto the platform. along the platform wall runs a
    strip of mirrored panels, etherscreen reporting in banner crawl:

    - - next stop... sector 5 - sector 6 - centerville...
    at the tunnel edge of the platform is a safety fence, where the
    residents wait in a patient line, lincoln among them. his focus
    is drawn to two younger residents whispering furtively nearby.

                            resident #1
                   a stim unit says it hits the wall.

                                resident #2
                   okay . but i get to set the can.

    resident #1 shrugs and hands him a drink can. resident #2 ducks
    under the fence, reaching the can down to the track. or what
    looks like a track. the struts lining the bed are not sleepers
    but buffers of galvanized rubber. nor are there any rails. the
    relay system is provided by a series of metal posts, flanking the
    buffers to run in twin parallel. known as "lode-poles," they now
    start thrumming and pulsing with red light, like runway beacons.

                                resident #1
                   hurry it up. the shuttle's coming.

    resident #2 regains the platform. we push in on the drink can,
    balanced on a buffer. it starts rattling. then suddenly shoots
    upward into the air, arcing and bouncing off the tunnel wall,
    clattering into obscurity. resident #1 whoops in victory.

    a rush of air heralds the shuttle. it sails out of the tunnel,
    floating three feet above the track. a hybrid of subway car and
    nautical craft, it has runners in place of wheels, like hulls on
    a catamaran. it is buoyed by a magnetic flow emanating from the
    lode-poles, an invisible river known as a "lode-stream". the
    shuttle drifts to a gentle halt, hovering, rocking a little. its
    gangplanks fold out toward the platform and the safety fence
    lowers. lincoln and the other commuters file routinely aboard.

