97   ext . scrapyard - dusk

     the porch light comes on, casting the scrapyard in grades of
     light and shadow. ozzie steps out onto the porch, lighting a
     cigarette. his visitor hovering at the threshold, he offers the
     pack. lincoln steps out and takes one. ozzie lights it for him-

                                    ozzie
                    yer girlfriend sure is pretty.

     his visitor looks at him curiously. ozzie misinterprets that
     he's said something out of turn. time to change the subject-

                              ozzie
                    so what's with them tattoos, huh?

     he taps his forehead. lincoln fingers his crosshatch, suddenly
     aware of it now and suspicious of the question. ozzie palliates-

                                ozzie
                    hey , in the eye of the beholder, right?
                    now this place, this is beautiful to
                    me. this is my place. i own it. `may
                    not look like much but you'd be
                    surprised. c'mon, lemme show you...

     ozzie moseys into the scrapyard, beckoning his visitor. lincoln
     hesitates, then follows him, sensing it's better to play along.

                                                                       66.



                                    ozzie
                    m o s t a t h i s heavy stuff's industrial
                    scrap. comes in from all over. easy way
                    round the recyclin' l a w s . me, i sell it
                    on to the boondock b o y s for meltdown.
                    other stuff, i pick up at the scrap
                    markets. fix it up, `fetches a price.

     the y reach a vehicle shell. a rust-pocked chassis, canted on its
     axle, we might recognize it as an automobile from our own era.

                               ozzie
                    fossil fuel transport. this piece o'
                    junk's a collector's item. all that
                    age of the wheel nostalgia, "elegant
                    era of transport" bullshit. i find the
                    parts, she's as good as solid gold.

     ozzie pats his investment and moves to another rusted metal pile.
     steepled by rail tracks, we see elevator sheaves, tension cables.

                                 ozzie
                    now this here's got a colorful history.
                    came in from this ol' g o v e r n m e n t bunker
                    out in the valley. `got shut down way
                    back. then this new outfit took over,
                    stripped the place out. i guess they're
                    doin' s o m e more remodelling cause i
                    just had `em in again the other day...
                           ( a tug of smoke, reflective)
                    hump`n dump crew. nice fellas.

     lincoln frowns. the term is familiar. the taste of smoke, a hint.
     but his memory has been clouded by trauma. ozzie reads his face-

                               ozzie
                    you okay there?

     lincoln looks at him, something breaking the clouds. a sense of
     danger, indistinct. suddenly cautious, he stubs his cigarette-

                               lincoln
                    i'm going to check on my friend.

