39   int . subway platform

     the walkways, unmoving. the platform, deserted. the echoing beat
     of footfalls as lincoln marches up to the vending machine. he
     swipes his ethercuff o v e r the scanner. a screen illuminates:

                                                                36.



--sugar quota exceeded; access denied

lincoln glowers at the message. his jaw clenching, twitching with
anger. erupting, he lashes out, punching t h e machine. he winces
as his knuckles crack. then grabs the machine, trying to rip it
off the wall. pulling, straining, sneering with effort, until-

he lets go with a defeated gasp. then kicks the machine in final
affront. the machine resounds with a dull boom. for a moment, he
stands there, chest heaving. then suddenly traps his breath...

the r e , in the fading boom, a noise. faint, rhythmic. becoming
discernible as the sound of a man sobbing. lincoln turns toward
the platform. tracing the sound, he crosses to the safety fence.

                           lincoln
               hello?

his voice echoes to nothing. he leans over the fence and peers
up the tunnel. there. in the fog of darkness, a figure. a figure
paused, half-standing, like an animal on the brink of flight.
the figure seems to stare at him. then pulls upright. now moving
forward and into the light. his face is african american, bull-
n e c k e d , eyes wild and bloodshot. a stranger to lincoln, we know
him as starkweather two-delta. his voice is quivering, unhinged-

                           starkweather
               please...

lincoln stands, frozen by the sight of this dark, dishevelled
resident. as he climbs up onto the platform, we see his hands,
the fingertips grated and bloody. he lumbers towards lincoln-

                              starkweather
               p l e a s e , you have to help me...

he rushes forward, grabbing lincoln, pulling him face-close-

                          starkweather
               y o u can't let them take me!

the stranger's eyes grow darkly, his pupils abysmal, black with
dilation. lincoln fiercely shrugs off his grip, backing away...

                          lincoln
               w h o are you? what's wrong with you?

the stranger's eyes bore into him, obsidian. face contorting,
baring his teeth like a rabid dog. suddenly he lunges a t lincoln-
- b o o m - ramming him back into the vending machine - lincoln is
stunned - suddenly a vice-like grip on his wrist swings him round-
- c r a c k - into the etherscreen banner, webbing at the impact...

                                                                           37.



     for a moment, all is a blur. teetering, lincoln props himself
     against the wall. then his focus resolves on the etherscreen and
     his fractured reflection. he releases a deep, bewildered breath.
     then he notices his wrist. his ethercuff i s missing, his skin,
     grazed red from abrasion. confusion yielding to anger, he looks
     for his assailant. but the platform is empty. his jaw clenches.

