               ext. giant sand dune - endless horizon - day

               the dawning sun hasn't yet crested the distant horizon as 
               jonathan and the warden ride alongside a giant sand dune.

                                     jonathan
                         and you snore!

                                     warden
                         i do not snore!

                                     jonathan
                         all night you snored!

                                     warden
                         i have never snored!

               up in front of them, o'connell looks at evelyn.

                                     o'connell
                         we're almost there.

                                     evelyn
                         are you sure?

               o'connell looks down at the ground.

                                     o'connell
                         pretty sure.

               the others look down and see dozens of skeletons sticking 
               out of the ground. bleached and eaten away. some of the 
               skeletons look like they're trying to crawl up out of the 
               desert floor.

                                     jonathan
                         what in bloody hell is this?

               the warden shivers in fear.

                                     warden
                         other seekers of hamunaptra.

               the american expedition rides out from behind the far end of 
               the dune. the americans are accompanied by two dozen native 
               diggers and an arab egyptologist. beni rides lead on a camel, 
               the rest ride horses.

                                     beni
                         good morning, my friend!

               o'connell just nods. the two parties come to a stop a hundred 
               feet apart. o'connell turns and stares out across the endless 
               horizon. beni does likewise. the americans look puzzled.

                                     daniels
                         well, what the hell we doin'?

                                     beni
                         patience, my good sahib, patience.

               henderson looks over at o'connell.

                                     henderson
                         first one to the city, o'connell! 
                         five hundred! cash bucks!

               o'connell and beni just stare out at the flat nothingness.

               evelyn and jonathan share a look. and then, the sun starts 
               to rise in the distance, breaking the flat horizon.

                                     o'connell
                         get ready.

               evelyn can feel the suspense and the majesty of the moment.

                                     evelyn
                         for what?

                                     o'connell
                         we're about to be shown the way.

               far off to the right, a huge shape begins to rise with the 
               sun. a volcano. o'connell and beni watch it, expressionless.

               daniels, henderson and burns share a look, and then --

                                     daniels/henderson/burns
                         heya!

               the americans take off. racing towards the rising volcano.

                                     daniels
                         see ya there, o'connell!

               evelyn and jonathan give o'connell anxious, sarcastic looks.

                                     jonathan
                         ah, begging your pardon, but shouldn't 
                         we be going?

                                     evelyn
                         after all, you rode us night and day 
                         to win that bet.

               o'connell doesn't say a word, staring hard. beni watches the 
               americans and spits into the sand.

                                     beni
                         fools.

               and then suddenly, the volcano shifts across the horizon.

               passing across the sun as it goes. it's a mirage.

               the americans crash their horses to a stop and race the other 
               way, after the volcano. evelyn and jonathan smile, amazed.

               the volcano shifts again, floating across the watery horizon.

               the americans crash to a stop again and chase after the 
               volcano. all three of them confused and cursing. o'connell 
               and beni just stare, waiting. the volcano shifts again. and 
               the americans crash to a stop again. burns is thrown from 
               his horse. henderson angrily rips his hat off and chucks it 
               to the ground. daniels just curses as they give up the chase.

               the volcano comes to a stop on the far left of the horizon.

               the americans are on the far right. nothing moves. a beat.

               and then o'connell grins. so does beni. they share a look.

               and then swat their camels and race away. everybody else 
               hauls-ass after them. o'connell and beni are neck-and-neck.

               and then evelyn comes galloping up, hair flying in the wind.

               beni takes out his camel whip and starts whipping o'connell. 
               trying to knock him off his camel. once. crack! twice. crack!

               but on the third try o'connell grabs the whip and jerks beni 
               off his camel. beni slams to the ground and tumbles.

               evelyn and o'connell race across the desert. evelyn has never 
               felt so alive. she laughs. o'connell grins; he likes this 
               girl. beni stumbles to his feet, then quickly dances out of 
               the way as jonathan and all the other riders stampede past 
               him. evelyn beats o'connell to the stone ramp, racing hard.

                                     o'connell
                         evelyn! slow down!

               evelyn ignores him as she races up the ramp towards the gate.

                                     o'connell
                         slow down, evelyn! slow down! there's 
                         a really big --

