               ext. american camp - night

               the american camp is under siege. two dozen mumia riders 
               gallop through. firing rifles. several diggers are killed as 
               they run. the americans leap out of their tents firing. kill 
               multiple riders. daniels is shot, spins and falls, keeps 
               shooting. henderson and burns run to his aid, blasting away.

               o'connell races through the ruins and slams right into beni, 
               who is obviously trying to high-tail-it out of there.

                                     o'connell
                         goin' somewhere?

                                     beni
                         just looking for you, o'connell! i 
                         wanted to be with my friend!

               o'connell drags him back towards the american camp.

                                     o'connell
                         c'mon, friend.

                                     beni
                              (struggling)
                         why do you like to fight so much?

                                     o'connell
                         'cause i look good doin, it.

               ardeth ray gallops through the camp, cutting diggers down 
               with his scimitar. o'connell runs up on top of some rocks, 
               leaps out and tackles him off his horse. the two men slam to 
               the ground. o'connell spins up onto one knee and fires, point 
               blank. blows the scimitar out of ardeth ray's hand. o'connell 
               is about to shoot again when a horse rides up between them.

               a scimitar swoops down, almost takes o'connell's head off, 
               misses him by an inch. o'connell leaps up and blows the rider 
               off his mount. the horse bolts. -- but ardeth ray is gone.

               evelyn hides behind some rocks, watching the scene, suddenly, 
               she hears something coming up behind her and spins around.

               a vicious tattooed mumia rider races at her. evelyn quickly 
               backpedals over the rocks, terrified. the mumia rider raises 
               his scimitar, about to strike.

               evelyn screams, trips over a rock and fires the elephant 
               gun, -- blam! blows the rider off his mount and catapults 
               him twenty feet back into some ruins.

               at the same time, the kick blows evelyn off her feet and 
               over a ridge. she flails through the air and lands in a sand 
               dune.

               jonathan and some diggers are holding their own near the 
               temple door. four riders come charging right at them.

               jonathan takes a swig off the seagrams.

                                     jonathan
                         let 'em have it, boys!

               jonathan and the diggers open fire. when the smoke clears, 
               the riders are either dead or gone. jonathan grins.

                                     jonathan
                         i say, bloody good show.

               and then several more mumia leap off the temple and land 
               behind them. jonathan and the remaining diggers spin around 
               and suddenly find themselves in hand-to-hand combat.

               o'connell is quickly loading his pistol. he hears something 
               thundering up behind him. he spins around just as ardeth ray 
               on a horse swings his scimitar. o'connell instinctively raises 
               his hands to protect his face, the scimitar strikes!

               hits his gun, -- ching! o'connell's gun flips away. disarmed, 
               o'connell dives and rolls and suddenly comes up with a stick 
               of dynamite in his hand. he shoves the fuse into a fire. it 
               ignites. he faces ardeth ray, towering above him. the two 
               men lock eyes. the fuse continues to burn down. ardeth ray 
               points his scimitar at o'connell's head.

                                     ardeth ray
                         leave this place!... leave this place 
                         or die!

               ardeth ray gallops off. the remaining mumia riders race after 
               him, vanishing into the night. o'connell watches them leave, 
               then turns to the burning fuse,... and blows it out. evelyn 
               staggers up, looking very shaken. o'connell gently takes her 
               and holds her close.

                                     o'connell
                         you alright?

               evelyn looks up into his strong eyes. it's the first time 
               he's shown genuine concern for her. and she likes it. he's 
               also holding her a little too close. and she likes that too.

                                     evelyn
                         yes,... fine,... thank you.

               beni crawls out from under some pillars as henderson and 
               burns help daniels to his feet.

                                     daniels
                         see! that proves it! old seti's 
                         fortune's gotta be under this sand!

                                     henderson
                         for them to protect it like this, 
                         you just know there's got to be 
                         treasure down there.

               o'connell looks up into the surrounding ridges, unsatisfied.

                                     o'connell
                         these men are a desert people. they 
                         value water, not gold.

               evelyn looks at o'connell, suddenly very worried.

                                     evelyn
                         where's jonathan?

