               int. underground necropolis - night

               big hairy rats scurry through the mausoleums and over the 
               headstones of this very large, scary, underground cemetery.

               a detritus moat surrounds the cemetery, -- muck made out of 
               filthy water and human remains. skulls bob in the goop. the 
               priests have gathered in a circle. their hooded, lifeless 
               eyes seem dead to this world. their bald heads rock back and 
               forth as they chant, a quiet eerie hum. heinous creatures.

               in the middle of the circle is a strange, twisted altar.

               imhotep has unwrapped anck-su-namun's gorgeous, lifeless 
               body and placed her five sacred canopic jars around her.

                                     imhotep
                         anck-su-namun's vital organs were 
                         still fresh, so a human sacrifice 
                         would not need be made.

               as imhotep begins to read from the book of the dead, a large 
               swirling hole starts to open in the detritus bog. several 
               priests look over at it, frightened, then quickly look back 
               down and resume chanting. a strange mist wafts up out of the 
               swirling hole and over to the jars, it passes through them 
               and into anck-su-namun's body. one of the jars shudders, the 
               heart inside begins to beat. the chanting priests, swirling 
               hole, wafting mist, beating heart and imhotep's readings are 
               reaching a crescendo. anck-su-namun's eyes suddenly fly open.

                                     imhotep
                         anck-su-namun soul had come back 
                         from the dead! now all that was 
                         needed, was to return her organs to 
                         their rightful place within her body.

               imhotep lifts a sacrificial knife above anck-su-namun's 
               breast, about to plunge it down. the chanting, swirling and 
               beating heart climax. and that's when the mumia burst in and 
               storm through the startled priests. the head mumia smashes 
               the jar with the beating heart. the mist instantly sucks 
               back out of anck-su-namun's body and implodes back into the 
               swirling hole.

               anck-su-namun's eyes close. dying once again. imhotep screams 
               in rage. the mumia grab him and his priests.

                                     imhotep
                         my priests were condemned to be 
                         mummified alive.

