               int. passageway - night

               burns staggers down a passageway, squinting, his hands out 
               in front of him, groping, trying not to bump into anything.

               then ten feet in front of him, a dark, blurry figure steps 
               out.

                                     burns
                         daniels?... is that you?

               burns half-blindly staggers forward. the figure doesn't move.

                                     burns
                         henderson?

               burns trips, stumbles forward, towards the figure, his hands 
               reach out and sink into imhotep's putrid chest cavity. burns 
               jumps like a scalded cat, pulls his hands out and looks at 
               them, -- his hands are covered in molten flesh rot. he starts 
               to scream. a skeletal hand clamps over his mouth.

               labyrinth staircase - night

               o'connell, evelyn and jonathan race up the staircase, just 
               ahead of the mass of scurrying, chittering scarabs.

               o'connell leaps out onto a pedestal. jonathan jumps up next 
               to him. evelyn jumps up into a grotto on the other side of 
               the narrow stairway. the horrible herd of vicious scarabs 
               scurries between them, their ear-piercing chitters send 
               shivers up evelyn's spine. she leans back. the wall moves.

               evelyn falls backwards through an opening. o'connell and 
               jonathan watch the scarabs vanish up the staircase. then 
               they look across the way. evelyn is gone.

                                     jonathan
                         evy!?

               scarab chamber - night

               evelyn sits up, shakes the sand out of her hair, fearfully 
               looks around. it's almost pitch black. she gets up and feels 
               her way along the dark walls. she rounds a corner. a shaft 
               of moonlight filters in through a crack in the ceiling. a 
               man stands in the middle of the room. evelyn walks towards 
               him.

                                     evelyn
                         oh thank goodness, you're one of the 
                         americans, aren't you?

               just as she reaches him he turns around. it's burns. both of 
               his eyes are missing. he stares at her with vacant sockets.

               evelyn screams in horror and backs away, hyperventilating, 
               she bumps into something. she screams again and spins around 
               it's imhotep. with two fresh eyeballs in his sockets.

               evelyn screams again and backs away into a wall. her hair is 
               down, her face is dirty and sweaty, her blouse is ripped, 
               her dress is torn, she's never looked sexier. imhotep squints.

                                     imhotep
                         anck-su-namun?

               labyrinth staircase - night

               o'connell is feeling his way around inside the grotto

                                     o'connell
                         damn-it! must be a trap door around 
                         here or somethin'.

               and then they heat men screaming, and suddenly, henderson, 
               daniels and one of the diggers come running down the stairs.

                                     henderson
                         run, you sons-a-bitches! ruuuun!

               o'connell and jonathan join them as they hear the herd of 
               chittering scarabs coming their way. the digger suddenly 
               trips and falls. o'connell slows down, about to go back and 
               help him. but it's too late. the digger screams in horror as 
               the herd of scarabs run over him, eating straight through 
               him, leaving behind the digger's half eaten skeleton. daniels 
               henderson and jonathan react in horror. o'connell's already 
               running, races right past them. the others turn and haul 
               ass.

               scarab chamber - night

               imhotep steps forward, -- the sand around him seems to 
               magnetize, swirling and dancing around his flaking skeletal 
               legs. evelyn starts backing away, horrified, looks at burns

                                     evelyn
                         help me,... please,... help me.

               burns opens his mouth, but can only gurgle and moan because 
               his tongue is missing. imhotep grabs him, throws him to the 
               ground and sets his skeletal foot on burns' chest, like a 
               big game hunter standing on his kill. imhotep then parts his 
               fetid lips, -- a fresh tongue flaps between his rotted teeth.

                                     imhotep
                         kadeesh pharos anck-su-namun!

               evelyn shivers in fear. suddenly, o'connell comes flying 
               around the corner and runs right up to her.

                                     o'connell
                         would you quit playin, around! let's 
                         get outta here already!

               o'connell sees the look in her eyes and turns around, -- at 
               the sight of imhotep, o'connell jumps back in fright.

                                     o'connell
                         whoa!

               o'connell and evelyn start backing away down the wall.

               imhotep glides sideways with them, like a tiger cornering 
               his prey, the sand around him swirls and dances. burns starts 
               to crawl away, whimpering as he goes. imhotep suddenly stops 
               and unhinges his skeletal jaw, his skinless mouth stretches 
               to an inhuman size, and he lets out a horrific, primordial 
               shriek.

                                     imhotep
                         anck-su-namuuuuun!!!!

               evelyn screams. o'connell shudders, then, embarrassed by his 
               fear, he opens his own mouth and roars right back at him --

                                     o'connell
                         ahhhhhhhh!!

               then blasts him with the elephant gun, --blam! through the 
               smoke and flammage we see imhotep blown off his feet, his 
               ribcage half torn away. o'connell grabs evelyn and runs.

