               int. labyrinth - day

               o'connell, evelyn and jonathan crouch as they make their way 
               through a narrow, cobweb infested labyrinth. the short, squat 
               warden can stand straight up. then they hear something and 
               freeze. it sounds like somebody is clawing inside the walls.

               they share looks. then slowly move forward. getting darker 
               and darker as they go. the strange sound getting louder and 
               louder. and then it stops. evelyn holds her breath. jonathan 
               licks his lips. o'connell cocks his pistol. the warden farts.

               o'connell, jonathan and evelyn glare at him.

               anubis' chamber - day

               they slowly creep out of the labyrinth and up to the foot of 
               an enormous half-buried statue. the lower half of anubis.

               then they hear the sound again, coming closer now, from the 
               other side of the statue. and closer. o'connell pulls evelyn 
               behind him. and closer. o'connell raises his gun. and closer!

               o'connell leaps out. -- three horrible sweaty faces lunge at 
               him. o'connell reacts. but doesn't pull the trigger because 
               it's just the americans, their guns are up, cocked and aimed.

                                     henderson
                         ya scared the bejeezus out of us, 
                         o'connell.

                                     o'connell
                         likewise.

               but nobody lowers their guns. daniels grins, the tough one.

                                     daniels
                         this here is our statue,... friend.

                                     o'connell
                         don't see your name on it,... pal.

               and that's when beni, five diggers and the egyptologist step 
               out of the shadows, -- all holding guns aimed at o'connell.

                                     beni
                         ten to one, o'connell, your odds are 
                         no-so-good.

                                     o'connell
                         i've had worse.

               jonathan clenches a tiny derringer.

                                     jonathan
                         yes, me too.

               o'connell gives him a sideways glance. beni cocks his gun, 
               grinning, he wants it to happen. the tension thickens. then 
               evelyn gently takes o'connell's gun hand and pulls it down.

                                     evelyn
                         let's be nice, children, if we're 
                         going to play together, we must learn 
                         to share.

               evelyn pulls o'connell away. jonathan and the warden follow.

               beni and the americans slowly lower their guns, laughing.

               the egyptologist excitedly begins translating the hieroglyphs.

