               int. cairo museum of antiquities - day

               deep in the bowels of the museum lie the stacks. rows upon 
               rows of towering bookshelves. filled with literature on the 
               antiquities. standing at the top of a tall ladder between 
               two of these rows and leaning against one of the bookshelves, 
               is a rather uninteresting british girl: eye-glasses, hair-in- 
               a-bun, long boring dress, your typical prudish nightmare.

               this is evelyn carnarvon. we're going to fall in love with 
               her.

               evelyn pulls a book out from a stack under her arm, blows 
               the dust off it, then places it on a shelf with other books 
               whose titles all begin with the letter "o". then she grabs 
               another book out from under her arm and reads the title.

                                     evelyn
                         tuthmosis?... now how did you get up 
                         here?

               carefully, so as not to lose her balance, she looks over her 
               shoulder to the bookshelf behind her, where all the titles 
               begin with the letter "t". then she looks down. it's a long 
               way to the bottom. evelyn gently sets the other books down 
               on the top shelf, then turns and gingerly starts to reach 
               across the aisle with the tuthmosis book. it's a little too 
               far, so she stretches, reaching, holding the top of the ladder 
               with her fingertips, she's almost got it, closer now closer.

               and that's when the ladder pulls away from the shelf. evelyn 
               yelps, flings the tuthmosis book and grabs the top of the 
               ladder, which stands straight up. evelyn holds her breath, 
               swaying precariously, a long beat, and then she loses her 
               balance, the ladder swings around and evelyn starts 
               stiltwalking down the aisle.

                                     evelyn
                         oheiugm!! ahhhhhh!

               the ladder crosses the aisle, does an about face and heads 
               back the way it came. evelyn clings to the top, struggling 
               for balance. the ladder teeters out into the main aisle and 
               picks up speed. evelyn screams as it does a 180, spins into 
               another aisle and finally crashes to a stop at the top of a 
               bookshelf. evelyn holds her breath, then sighs heavily.

               and that's when the bookshelf falls away from her and crashes 
               into the next bookshelf.

               evelyn slides down the ladder and plops to the floor. she 
               looks up just as the domino effect kicks-in: each bookshelf 
               crashing into the next. and onward it goes. bookshelf after 
               bookshelf. thousands of volumes flinging off shelves and 
               scattering across the floor. it finally ends as the last 
               shelf crashes into a wall. evelyn's eyes are closed. she 
               opens one eye. looks left. then right. then opens the other 
               eye and stares at the huge mess.

                                     evelyn
                         oops.

               the egyptian curator storms in.

                                     curator
                         look at this! sons of the messiah! 
                         give me frogs, flies, locusts, 
                         anything but this! compared to you, 
                         the other plagues were a joy!

               evelyn quickly gets up and starts gathering books.

                                     evelyn
                         i'm sorry, it was an accident.

                                     curator
                         when ramesses destroyed syria, it 
                         was an accident. you are a 
                         catastrophe! why do i put up with 
                         you?

               evelyn turns to him, trying to contain herself.

                                     evelyn
                         you put up with me, because i can 
                         read and write ancient egyptian, 
                         decipher hieroglyphs and hieratic, 
                         and i'm the only person within a 
                         thousand miles who knows how to 
                         properly code and catalogue this 
                         library.

                                     curator
                         who needs smart women? i put up with 
                         you because your mother and father 
                         were our finest patrons, allah rest 
                         their souls. now straighten up this 
                         mess!

               the curator storms out. evelyn just stands there, steaming.

               and then she hears a noise and quickly turns around. a beat.

                                     evelyn
                         hello?

               quiet. eerie. and then she hears it again, like feet, slowly 
               shuffling across the floor, coming from a nearby gallery.

                                     evelyn
                         abdul? mohammed? bob?

               evelyn walks through the stacks and enters --

