               int. the ramesseum

               filled with treasures and plunder from the middle kingdom. 
               it's very dark and quiet in here, the only light is from 
               flickering torches at either end of the spooky gallery.

               the noise again! from the far side of the room. feet, slowly 
               shuffling, plodding across the floor. evelyn grabs a torch.

               looks around, at a statue of anubis, another of horus, they 
               stare down at evelyn, who is starting to get scared now. she 
               walks down the aisle. past a closed sarcophagus. past cases 
               of ancient artifacts. past another sarcophagus, -- only this 
               one is open! evelyn freezes, swallows hard, nervously looks 
               around to see who could have opened it. then she slowly leans 
               forward with the torch, and peers inside.

               -- a hideous rotted mummy sits up and screeches at her!

               evelyn screams, drops the torch and backs away, scared out 
               of her wits. and then, coming from inside the sarcophagus, 
               she hears a man laughing. her eyes narrow as a foppish cad 
               crawls out from behind the mummy, laughing his ass off, half 
               drunk.

                                     evelyn
                         you...! you...!

                                     jonathan
                         drunkard? fool? rat-bastard? please 
                         call me something original.

               meet jonathan carnarvon. as he crawls out of the sarcophagus, 
               evelyn pulls a cigarette out of the mummy's mouth.

                                     evelyn
                         have you no respect for the dead?

                                     jonathan
                         right now, i only wish to join them.

               he grins drunkenly. evelyn punches him hard in the chest.

                                     evelyn
                         well i wish you'd do it sooner rather 
                         than later, before you ruin my career 
                         the way you've ruined yours.

                                     jonathan
                         my dear, sweet, baby sister, i'll 
                         have you know, that at this moment 
                         my career is on a high note.

               he belches, then falls back and sits on the edge of a tomb.

                                     evelyn
                         high note? ha! for five years you've 
                         been scrounging around egypt, and 
                         what have you to show for it? nothing.

               jonathan excitedly starts scrounging around in his jacket.

                                     jonathan
                         oh yes i do! i have something right 
                         here!

                                     evelyn
                         oh no, not another worthless trinket, 
                         jonathan, if i bring one more piece 
                         of junk to the curator to try and 
                         sell for you.

               jonathan pulls out a small, ancient box; the collapsed key 
               to imhotep's sarcophagus and coffin. evelyn is instantly 
               curious, she grabs the box out of his hand.

                                     evelyn
                         where did you get this?

               jonathan knows her weaknesses, gives her a mischievous smile.

                                     jonathan
                         on a dig, down in thebes.

               evelyn rolls the box around in her hands, mumbling to herself 
               as she translates the hieratics and hieroglyphs covering it.

               jonathan licks his lips in anticipation.

                                     jonathan
                         my whole life i've never found 
                         anything, evy. tell me i've found 
                         something.

               evelyn's fingers play with the various little slats on the 
               box, shifting them this way and that way, it's like a puzzle 
               box. then suddenly, it unfolds itself, almost-mechanically, 
               turning itself into the key. sitting inside the open key/box 
               is a folded piece of golden papyrus. an ancient map.

                                     evelyn
                         jonathan?

                                     jonathan
                         yes?

                                     evelyn
                         i think you found something.

