               ext. biplane - dunes - day

               the biplane smashes over a dune, rolls over and crashes upside-
               down into another dune. the sand swirls as o'connell falls 
               out of the gunner's compartment. the left wing is jammed 
               into the dune, jonathan hangs upside down.

                                     jonathan
                         excuse me... a little help would be 
                         useful... if it's not too much 
                         trouble!!

               o'connell goes to help jonathan. ardeth ray stumbles over to 
               the gunner's compartment and tears the lewis gun off it's 
               mount. he throws the machine-gun over one shoulder, a 
               cartridge belt over the other and staggers away. o'connell 
               and jonathan look into the cockpit. winston havlock is dead.

               a smile on his face. the plane suddenly starts to move, the 
               sand sinks under their feet, they quickly high-tail-it away.

               o'connell, jonathan and ardeth ray make it to some rocks and 
               look back. the biplane, with winston havlock inside, slides 
               away over a dune. o'connell gives it a salute. the plane 
               vanishes over the dune and into the swirling sand...

               hamunaptra - day

               o'connell, jonathan and ardeth ray come down a ravine in the 
               volcano and look out over the ruins of hamunaptra.

                                     o'connell
                         okay, now what the hell does this 
                         horus guy look like?

                                     jonathan
                         he's a big fellow with pointy ears 
                         and a face like a falcon.

                                     o'connell
                         got it.

               hamunaptra stairway - day

               carrying torches, o'connell, jonathan and ardeth ray make 
               their way down a long, winding, narrow staircase. heading 
               into the bowels of the necropolis. a passageway to hell.

               necropolis - day

               evelyn follows imhotep into the underground cemetery. she 
               stops at the sight of all the big hairy rats scurrying through 
               the mausoleums and over the gravestones. beni shoves his 
               rifle into her back and pushes her forward.

                                     beni
                         keep moving.

               evelyn gives him a look.

                                     evelyn
                         you know, nasty little fellows such 
                         as yourself, always get their 
                         comeuppance.

               beni suddenly looks worried.

                                     beni
                         yeah?

                                     evelyn
                         oh yes, always.

               beni looks even more worried, he nervously starts chewing on 
               his lip. all three of them walk over the bridge crossing the 
               disgusting detritus moat. evelyn looks down at it, horrified.

