               ext. barge bow - night

               jonathan runs out onto the bow, sees the three americans, 
               guns in every hand, fanning their pistols, shooting everything 
               in sight. jonathan just shakes his head.

                                     jonathan
                         americans.

               hook suddenly stumbles up behind him, -- now a flaming torch.

               jonathan turns around, hook grabs him by the throat with his 
               flaming arm and pins him to the cabin wall. jonathan's eyes 
               widen as he sees a hook rising up inside the flames about to 
               strike him. the americans pivot and open fire. blows hook 
               over the railing. jonathan turns to the americans and smiles.

                                     jonathan
                         i say! good show!

               then he points his thumb at himself

                                     jonathan
                         and did i panic?

               he lifts up his other hand, -- he has the key/box back.

                                     jonathan
                         i think not.

               and that's when the horses stampede onto the bow. jonathan 
               dives over one side, the three americans dive over the other.

               nile riverbank - night

               o'connell, evelyn, jonathan and the warden wade out of the 
               water. evelyn's nightgown clings tight to her body as she 
               wrings it out. she looks good. o'connell notices.

               everybody else, including the horses, is getting out on the 
               far shore o'connell spots beni running up to the americans.

                                     beni
                         hey o'connell! looks to me like i 
                         got all the horses!

                                     o'connell
                         hey beni! looks to me like your on 
                         the wrong side of the river!

               beni looks up at the stars, then angrily kicks the sand 
               cursing. the flaming barge drifts off, slowly sinking...

               bedouin trading post - day

               o'connell barters in arabic with a camel trader at a trading 
               post. jonathan forks over some cash. the trader hands them 
               the reins of four ugly old camels.

                                     jonathan
                         i can't believe the price of these 
                         fleabags.

                                     o'connell
                         we coulda had 'em for free, all we 
                         had to do was give 'em your sister.

                                     jonathan
                         yes, awfully tempting, wasn't it?

                                     o'connell
                         awfully.

               and that's when evelyn steps out of a trading tent. she's 
               changed into a gorgeous, tightly fitted, bedouin dress.

                                     o'connell
                         then again...

               sahara desert sand dunes - day

               o'connell, evelyn, jonathan and the warden are on camels in 
               the middle of the frying pan; the endless, sunbaked sahara.

                                     jonathan
                         never did like camels. filthy buggers. 
                         they smell, they bite, they spit. 
                         disgusting.

               the warden savagely attacks a chicken wing with his vile 
               green teeth. flies buzz around his head. he sucks at his 
               gums, then spits out some gristle. o'connell watches him.

                                     o'connell
                         yeah, disgusting.

               evelyn is having the time of her life on top of her camel.

                                     evelyn
                         well i think they're cute.

               we do several time dissolves: showing the majesty of the 
               desert, and our heroes getting deeper and deeper into it.

               frying pan - night

               the moon shines down an four lone camel rider's trekking 
               across the vast wasteland.

               jonathan is sound asleep, his head bobbing comically to the 
               rhythm of his camel. on the camel next to him, the warden 
               snores loudly. up in front of them, evelyn slowly starts to 
               slide off her saddle. o'connell reaches over and stops her, 
               then gently pushes her back up onto her saddle, never waking 
               her. for a long moment, his eyes watch evelyn, and then he 
               looks up at a distant ridge --

               -- where ardeth ray and a group of mumia riders are pacing 
               them.

