               int. embalming chamber (necropolis re-vamp) - night

               inside a torch-lit chamber, imhotep is held by anubis-headed 
               embalmers. he cringes at the flickering, impressionistic 
               glimpses of his priests being embalmed and mummified alive.

               the horrid-looking embalmers, using knives, needles and 
               thread, calmly perform their ghastly surgery on the screaming 
               priests, who are going insane from the procedure.

               a red hot poker is pulled out of a pit of burning coals.

               a priest's head is wedged between two strong boards. his 
               eyes widen in terror as an embalmer moves to insert the red 
               hot poker up his nose.

               but just before he does, we quickly cut to imhotep's face, 
               horrified, as off camera, the priest screams.

               we go wide on the chamber. all twenty-one of imhotep's priests 
               squirm inside their wrappings. imhotep is forced to his knees.

               his arms are held back. his mouth is pried open.

                                     imhotep
                         as for me, i was condemned to endure 
                         the hom-dai. the worst of all ancient 
                         curses. one so horrible, it had never 
                         before been bestowed.

               using a pair of tongs, an embalmer slowly pulls imhotep's 
               tongue out of his mouth, then places a very sharp knife on 
               top of it. we go tight on imhotep's eyes as his tongue is 
               apparently cut out. the embalmer flings imhotep's tongue 
               onto the floor. the mumia's dogs attack and quickly eat it.

               imhotep is wrapped alive. only his mouth, nostrils and 
               fearfilled eyes are left free of the slimy bandages. detritus 
               muck boils inside a black cauldron. embalmers scoop out the 
               fetid muck and apply it to imhotep's wrappings as he squirms.

               he's then laid in a wooden coffin inside a stone sarcophagus.

               an embalmer with a bucket steps up and looks into the coffin.

               imhotep's wild eyes stare back. the embalmer empties the 
               bucket over imhotep's chest: dozens of scarabs, disgusting 
               dung beetles. they scurry across imhotep's screaming face.

               some vanish into his tongue-less mouth and up his nostrils.

                                     imhotep
                         by eating the sacred scarabs, i would 
                         be cursed to stay alive forever. and 
                         by eating me, they were cursed just 
                         the same.

               the lid to the coffin is slammed shut. then, using a strange 
               four-sided key, the head mumia locks the coffin lid tight.

               the heavy sarcophagus lid is shoved into place and with a 
               loud whoosh seals itself airtight. once again, the head mumia 
               uses the strange key, locking the sarcophagus lid tight.

                                     imhotep
                         i was to remain sealed inside my 
                         sarcophagus, the undead for all of 
                         eternity.

               the blue-skinned, strangely tattooed man carefully collapses 
               the sides of the key, -- turning it into a little puzzle 
               box.

                                     imhotep
                         they would never allow me to be 
                         released. for i would arise a walking 
                         disease, a plague upon mankind, an 
                         unholy flesh-eater, with the strength 
                         of ages, power over the sands, and 
                         the glory of invincibility.

               imhotep's sarcophagus is dropped into a detritus pit. the 
               disgusting muck splashes up, drools down it-s sides, and 
               then is mysteriously sucked into it's seams, vanishing clean.

                                     imhotep
                         and if i could raise my beloved anck-
                         su-namun from her place in hell, 
                         together, we would be an unstoppable 
                         infection upon this world. the 
                         apocalypse. the end.

               imhotep's horrifying tongue-less screams can be heard coming 
               from inside his sarcophagus as grave diggers shovel dirt 
               onto it. the main title is superimposed on the scream:

                                        the mummy

               the heavily armed mumia stand guard around imhotep's grave.

               looking down on the burial site is the huge statue of anubis, 
               the jackal-headed god of death. it stares at us. then begins 
               to decay before our very eyes, aging 4,159 years in only 
               seconds. and then we find ourselves and the decrepit, half-
               buried statue of anubis out in the middle of the desert.

