               int. anck-su-namun's balcony window - palace - dusk

               glaring out over the city at the setting sun is a handsome, 
               muscular man with intense, evil eyes. this is imhotep.

                                     narrator
                         home of imhotep, high priest of 
                         osiris, keeper of the dead.

               a gorgeous, olive-skinned goddess enters the outer foyer. it 
               takes us a moment to realize that the skin-tight dress she's 
               wearing isn't a dress at all, but rather her entire naked 
               body has been painted in the ancient egyptian manner she's a 
               stunning sight to behold. this is anck-su-namun.

                                     narrator
                         birthplace of anck-su-namun. pharaoh's 
                         mistress. no other man was allowed 
                         to touch her.

               she makes her way through the ornate statuary. the camera 
               comes to a stop on a cracked stone face. a beat. and then 
               it's eyes suddenly pop open. it's really a strange looking 
               tattooed man. several more of these hideous, bald men stand 
               nearby. they are the priests of osiris. imhotep's guys. their 
               eyes watch anck-su-namun vanish through the bedroom curtains.

               anck-su-namun embraces imhotep, they kiss passionately, 
               feverishly. imhotep's hands roam over her perfect body, 
               smearing the paint. the narrator's voice fills with lust:

                                     narrator
                         but for our love, we were willing to 
                         risk life itself.

               and we realize that the narrator is actually imhotep himself 
               on the other-side of the curtains, the bald priests rush 
               over and close the doors. but just as they do, the doors 
               suddenly burst open. pharaoh angrily strides in, looks at 
               the priests. the following dialogue is in ancient egyptian, -- 
               subtitled.

                                     pharaoh
                         what are you doing here?

               the priests back away, scared shitless, obviously his arrival 
               was unexpected. pharaoh strides for the curtains. throws 
               them back.

               anck-su-namun stands alone. gives him a sexy smile. pharaoh 
               sees the smeared body paint. points his finger.

                                     pharaoh
                         who has touched you?!

               from behind him, his sword is ripped out of its scabbard. 
               pharaoh spins around. it's imhotep. pharaoh is shocked.

                                     pharaoh
                         imhotep?... my priest.

               behind him, anck-su-namun lifts a dagger and plunges it into 
               his back.

               pharaoh screams. imhotep raises pharaoh's sword. the hideous 
               bald priests slam the doors and bolt them tight. through the 
               curtains, they see the shadows of anck-su-namun and imhotep 
               stab away at pharaoh. suddenly, the doors are rammed from 
               the other side, --wham! imhotep and anck-su-namun turn and 
               look. --wham! the doors are rammed again. the two lovers 
               share desperate looks. --wham! the bald priests run up and 
               grab imhotep and try and pull him towards the balcony.

                                     priests
                         pharaoh's bodyguards!

               imhotep tries to break free, but anck-su-namun rips pharaoh's 
               sword out of his hand and pushes him towards the balcony.

                                     anck-su-namun
                         you must go. save yourself. only you 
                         can resurrect me.

               imhotep's face fills with despair. the doors explode open.

               men with blue-tinted skin and strange puzzle-tattoos over 
               their bodies stride in, armed to the teeth. these are the 
               mumia. the priests hustle imhotep out onto the dark balcony 
               just as the mumia rip through the curtains.

               anck-su-namun points at pharaoh and hisses --

                                     anck-su-namun
                         my body is no longer his temple!

               she plunges the sword into her own heart. out on the balcony, 
               imhotep's mouth opens into a horrible silent scream...

                                     narrator/imhotep
                         for murdering pharaoh, anck-su-namun's 
                         body was to be cursed. and it was i, 
                         the high priest, whose duty it was 
                         to curse it.

