               int. burns' quarters - day

               o'connell and evelyn race into the room, past the servant 
               who is running out screaming. they skid to a stop as they 
               spot burns, or what's left of him, lying dead on the floor, -- 
               his body is shriveled to half it's size.

               drained of all organs and liquids. o'connell and evelyn are 
               shocked. then they hear a loud moan and notice imhotep 
               standing on the far side of the room. o'connell draws his 
               gun.

               imhotep is regenerating: a thick skin forms over powerful 
               new musculature. his tendons ripple. his bones bulge and 
               reform. his mouth opens to an inhuman size as he moans and 
               cries out, in severe pain. and then it's over. and he looks 
               like an incredibly muscular, corpse-like vision from hell.

               the 'terminator' mummy. o'connell and evelyn are stunned.

                                     o'connell
                         we are in serious trouble.

               imhotep starts to move towards them, staring at evelyn.

                                     o'connell
                         back off, creep.

               imhotep keeps coming. o'connell opens fire. blasting imhotep 
               bullets rip through his body. imhotep doesn't seem to mind.

               jonathan, henderson and daniels run into the room. they're 
               all stunned at the sight of imhotep.

               o'connell steps forward, throws a right hook, punches imhotep 
               in the face, -- his fist goes through imhotep's skull and 
               gets stuck deep inside his head. o'connell stares at it, 
               shocked, then quickly yanks his fist back out. the area of 
               imhotep's face that came into contact with o'connell's fist 
               quickly degenerates and decays, right down to the bone, as 
               if o'connell's hand instantly infected it.

               imhotep angrily turns, grabs o'connell, and with no effort, 
               throws him across the room and into jonathan and the others 
               knocking them down. imhotep looks at his hand, the one that 
               just grabbed o'connell, -- it starts to shrivel and decay.

               he quickly turns to evelyn. evelyn backs away into a wall, 
               terrorized. imhotep steps up to her.

                                     imhotep
                         you saved me from the undead. for 
                         this, i shall make you immortal.

               he leans in, about to kiss her with his decayed face.

               and that's when a white cat jumps onto the piano, hissing.

               imhotep shrieks. the balcony doors blow open. imhotep spins 
               into a blast of wind and sand and swirls out the doors. gone.

               o'connell, evelyn, jonathan and daniels stand transfixed.

               henderson kneels next to burns, shriveled body, horrified.

                                     henderson
                         the curse. the curse.

