               int. treasure chamber - day

               o'connell, evelyn and jonathan crouch-run into the treasure 
               chamber. evelyn skids to a stop. looks in wonder at all the 
               treasure. sand rains down on them. o'connell grabs her again 
               and quickly pulls her through the mounds of treasure towards 
               a sinking doorway on the far side of the room. the sound of 
               the sinking walls is deafening.

               beni crouch-runs into the treasure chamber. o'connell, evelyn 
               and jonathan race past him. he joins them as they run up a 
               staircase. heading for a descending doorway, which is already 
               half gone, it's now only four feet high -- now three feet 
               high -- now two feet. jonathan dives through the narrow gap.

               then o'connell dives through, he spins around. evelyn dives, 
               but gets stuck in the middle, about to get cut in half.

               o'connell grabs her arm and yanks her through in the nick of 
               time. beni reaches through the narrowing gap with his hand --

                                     beni
                         o'connell!!

               o'connell grabs it, but it's too late. beni yanks his hand 
               back just as the top of the door crashes to the floor.

               sealing him in. beni quickly crawls back down the stairs as 
               the ceiling slams down behind him. he stands up and looks 
               around with his diminishing torch.

               all the doorways finish closing. there's no way out. he's 
               trapped. and then he hears something, and turns around. over 
               in the corner, a scarab-beetle stares at him, chittering.

               beni waves his flickering torch at the scarab and backs away.

                                     beni
                         go away.

               he stands in the middle of the treasure chamber as dozens 
               upon dozens of scarabs boil up out of the floor around him.

               beni is absolutely terrified. the scarabs start to move in.

               and that's when beni's torch goes out. pitch black. a beat.

               and then we hear beni start screaming in horror and pain.

               and the scarabs chittering hungrily.

