               int. metro car -- day

               bourne and marie into the conductor booth. people diving off 
               the train as bourne hits the yellow button and -- the train 
               starts rolling -- doors still open -- they disappear into 
               the protection of the tunnel walls -- then bourne hits the 
               button to close the doors and -- the professor -- watching 
               the trains accelerate out of the station -- and now he's 
               racing his bike down the platform -- opposite the motion of 
               the train and -- here comes the end of the train and --the 
               professor throws his bike into a skidding 180 and skids off 
               the platform all in one move -- landing hard on the tracks 
               but facing the right direction and now he's accelerating 
               towards the train -- just as an oncoming train is racing 
               into the station and -- he leaps onto the back of the train 
               in the nick of time. his gun clatters to the tracks.

               in the last metro car

               the window is shattered and the professor lets himself in -- 
               wind whipping through his hair from the shattered windows.  
               and --

               in the first metro car

               bourne and marie finally getting a breather. bourne keeps 
               looking back -- nothing -- the train is deserted. finally --

                                     marie
                         xxxxxx

                                     bourne
                         xxxxxx

                                     marie
                         xxxxxx

                                     bourne
                         xxxxxx

               and ahead -- daylight -- the train tracks go above ground 
               and as the train hits daylight -- we see the professor 
               directly behind bourne on the other side of the glass and --

               crash! the professor grabs bourne through the glass, ramming 
               his head into the metal as --

               bourne grabs the knob, swings the door open and crushes the 
               professor -- crushes him again and now he is free and --

               bourne turns, pulls up the shotgun and -- the professor kicks 
               it out of his hands -- it clatters to the ground and now we 
               have a beat -- the train car races across the bir hakeim 
               bridge -- all of paris laid out behind them. bourne and the 
               professor squaring off -- both looking at the gun -- realizing 
               there's no chance for either one of them to get it and --

               a brutal ruthless fight breaks out. bourne's motivated -- 
               the professor's crazy -- makes it a pretty even match. looks 
               like it could go on for a little while when suddenly --

               bam!!! the professor drops to the ground -- behind him -- 
               marie wields the shot gun.

                                     marie
                         xxxxxx

                                     bourne
                         xxxxxx

               and bourne takes the gun from her -- standing there -- 
               reloading -- both barrels -- raising the gun -- aiming it --

                   ...................................................

