               int. u.s. consulate lobby -- day

               bourne on the move -- hustling back toward the lobby -- trying 
               to snag a view out to the street -- there's a window just 
               ahead and --

               bourne's window pov -- zurich cops -- outside -- on the street -- 
               half-a-dozen of them lingering around the entry gate and --

               bourne stalled for a moment -- options dwindling -- he can't 
               go back to the passport office -- he can't go out the front 
               and --

               the lobby looks tough -- there are two other points of entry 
               into the main building, but they're both guarded by marines 
               and metal detectors --

               as he gets closer -- it gets worse --

               a zurich police inspector near the door, in deep conversation 
               with two marines and the embassy security officer and --

               bourne trying to burrow through the human traffic -- trying 
               to get to the larger of the two entry gates -- this one the 
               farthest from the front door and the passport office corridor, 
               and it's the most crowded -- a couple people lined up here -- 
               waiting for one of the three marines staffing this post to 
               check their bags and pass them through a metal detector and --

                                     security chief (o.s.)
                         -- stop! -- stop right there! --

               bourne turns back -- as does everyone else in the lobby --

                                     security chief
                              (from across the lobby)
                         -- you -- red bag -- the red bag -- 
                         stop right there! -- hands up! --

               bourne glancing back -- one of the gate marines behind him -- 
               the guy's raising his m-16 --

                                     gun marine
                         -- you heard him -- let's move it! -- 
                         down -- let's go! --

               bourne nodding -- total compliance -- starting to drop -- 
               but only starting, because now --

               he's swinging the backpack and --

               the gun marine -- nailed -- blind-sided -- no chance and --

               bourne -- all motion -- all forward -- all perfect -- vaulting 
               the metal detector even as he pulls one of the people on 
               line around to shield his back and --

               another gate marine -- right there -- trying to grab him -- 
               making his move -- bourne -- almost an afterthought -- his 
               boot -- like a knife -- out of nowhere -- snap! -- the guy's 
               arm just shattered and --

               the security chief -- freaking out -- two marines with him -- 
               they're raising their weapons and there's people in the lobby 
               and --

                                     security chief
                         -- no -- no -- hold your fire! --

               bourne -- landing hard on the gun marine -- rolling away 
               from the gate -- into the building now -- coming up with the 
               backpack and --

                                     someone screaming
                         -- he's got a gun! -- he's got a 
                         gun! --

               and he does -- bourne with the m-16! -- coming up with it -- 
               coming up on the move -- swinging it around as he searches 
               for an escape route and the gun -- it's like a magic wand of 
               hysteria --

               people in the lobby -- screaming -- diving away -- everyone 
               dropping for cover and --

               bourne -- bailing -- on the run -- sprinting down a hallway -- 
               tossing away the m-16 as he sprints into the building --

                                     the security chief
                              (frantic on his radio 
                              now --)
                         -- red! -- red! -- red! -- code red! -- 
                         south side entrance! -- male -- five-
                         ten, brown hair -- black jacket -- 
                         red bag --

