               ext. hotel de la paix -- courtyard -- day

               the hotel back door -- kicked open -- bourne coming out of 
               the house -- coming hard -- and --

               the small courtyard is empty -- but now the alarm is going 
               off -- and bourne turns back to marie -- races to grab her 
               as --

               ratatatat -- the front door -- windows -- are shredded and -- 
               here comes the professor.

                                     bourne
                         xxxxxx

                                     marie
                         xxxxxx

               and now they are running, across this little courtyard. to a 
               wall -- bourne is up, on it -- reaching down for marie -- 
               grabbing her -- swinging her over the wall as --

               abm!!! the professor shoots.

                                     bourne
                         go!

               marie takes off running. bourne leans over the wall, fires 
               back twice -- ratatat -- the wall is shredded. bourne takes 
               off running -- reloading on the fly.

               rounds a bend, is chambering two rounds when he sees -- a 
               woman is in her kitchen -- staring at him -- no time to 
               explain -- he turns back --

               the professor is just vaulting over the wall. bourne fires 
               twice -- bam! bam! but the spray is too wide from this 
               distance. windows are shattered to both sides of him but -- 
               the professor stumbles but keeps going -- blood on his face 
               now -- ratatat --

               bourne has to move. reloading his almost useless gun. reaching 
               marie -- facing a choice and they climb a wall -- flower 
               pots explode around them but they make it -- now --

               running in a labyrinth -- right -- then left -- through a 
               small staircase. leaping a wall -- landing on a steep roof -- 
               sliding, falling, crashing to the ground in --

               a small courtyard -- steep walls on all sides. but there's a 
               large window -- and it's open. and they step through and 
               find themselves --

