               ext. quai -- day

               racing against traffic up the seine. past the louvre. cops 
               pursuing on the other side of the river. bourne and the 
               professor leaving behind a trail of carnage. and now --

               the professor is pulling up along side them -- one lane over.  
               both swerving to avoid oncoming cars and --

               marie fires -- twice -- takes out a few windshields. the 
               professor fires at the same time -- marie's car door -- gone -- 
               she's totally exposed but --

               the professor -- his bike is spouting gas -- one of the 
               pellets nailed his tank.

               bourne and marie --

                                     marie
                         xxxxxx

               the professor --

               no problem -- he's unwrapping a piece of duct tape from the 
               barrel of his gun -- two seconds and the hole is patched and -- 
               bourne and marie -- the side of the car is completely gone -- 
               the professor is gaining -- across the river dozens of police 
               cars are racing alongside. many more can be seen on their 
               side -- a road block ahead -- running out of options and --
               bourne turns hard -- crashes over the sidewalk and flies 
               down a side street. a police car pulls out behind them -- 
               the professor can't stop -- skidding hard, turning the bike 
               sideways, skidding out -- sliding across the ground and 
               bammm!!! smashing into a glass phone booth which shatters.

               and he's up -- lifting up his bike and --

               bourne and marie

               six police cars on their tail -- more joining. every street 
               they look down has police cars racing in parallel. running 
               out of options and in the background --

               the professor is back in the game -- passing the police cars 
               and up ahead --

               the road is blocked. police road block -- cops with guns. 
               gotta act quick and -- bourne turns hard left -- there's a 
               metro staircase -- only way out and --

               they bounce down the stairs. crash through the doors down 
               below.

               the first police car -- no way he's following. slamming on 
               his brakes. skidding to a halt -- skidding sideways -- gonna 
               stop in time -- just at the edge of the steps and then --

               the second police car isn't braking -- t-bones the first car -- 
               bam!!! -- sends it rolling sideways down the steps until it 
               crashes to a halt at the bottom -- upside down.

               the professor -- he's turning -- heading for a different set 
               of stairs. bourne and marie -- crashing through the turnstiles -- 
               people diving out of their way and --

               at the staircase -- the window of the police car is kicked 
               out and -- two very angry cops emerge -- pull their guns out -- 
               head into the station. bourne and marie's world just got a 
               lot more dangerous and --

               the professor is racing down the other staircase -- an up 
               escalator -- people diving out of the way as --

               bourne and marie slalom through the station -- suddenly -- 
               there's the professor -- parallel corridor -- metal barricades 
               keep them separated. professor firing.

               up ahead -- a horizon line -- bourne guns it -- a steep 
               staircase and -- they fly down the steps -- landing on --

               the metro platform

               the professor lands on the other side -- both racing down 
               the platform -- professor tearing up the wall behind them 
               and -- here comes a train -- on bourne and marie's side -- 
               travelling the opposite way -- temporary refuge. not for 
               long -- there's no way out on this end of the platform. they 
               skid to a halt -- just as --the train doors open -- startled 
               straphangers stare at bourne and marie as they stop onto the 
               platform -- take off running.

               the professor has to turn his bike around. he's quick -- but 
               it gives bourne and marie a two second head start.

               bourne and marie almost at the other end of the platform -- 
               gunfire ripping up the windows behind them. gonna go for the 
               steps -- but here come --

               the angry cops -- remember them? -- the ones who took the 
               ride down the steps -- they're firing now and --

               bourne and marie turn back -- the professor is firing and 
               there is only one option --

