	int. auditorium - day

	someplace like the auditorium at the museum of broadcasting.
	patricia eden, joe's girlfriend, who is the editor-in-chief
	of a new york publishing house called eden books, is standing
	at a podium at a sales conference.  in the audience are sales
	reps, wholesalers, etc.  there's a screen behind her with
	pictures of the authors being flashed on it as she speaks.

			     patricia (cont'd)
		and now, the book you've all been waiting
		for, the book it's been my dreams to
		publish.  the legendary veronica grant
		has written her memoirs --

	there's a burst of applause as a photograph of veronica grant
	flashes on screen.

			     patricia (cont'd)
		-- and i'm happy to report it is just
		crammed with tragedy.
			(she laughs gaily)
		just kidding, but seriously, it's all
		here: poverty, addiction, divorce,
		tracheotomies --

	we see pictures of veronica at eight with her sharecropper
	family, veronica at 14 with her first child, veronica with a
	series of husbands, veronica in a wheelchair, etc.

			     patricia (cont'd)
		-- her third husband beat her up, hip
		replacement, and an amazing face lift
		where all the injected fat fell to her
		chin.

	now we see a blow-up of the book's jacket, with a picture of
	veronica on it and the title: "am i rising from ashes, or did
	i just forget to dust?"

			     patricia (cont'd)
		this book is fabulous.  and even if it
		weren't, it would sell like crazy,
		because veronica is going to plug it to
		death on every talk show in america.
		this book...

	patricia bursts into tears.

			     patricia (cont'd)
		i'm sorry.  i can't talk about it without
		crying.  veronica and i have so much in
		common -- well, not all the sad parts --
		but we were both famous by the time we
		were 29 and, believe me, that's rough.
			(wipes her nose with a kleenex,
			 pulling herself together)
		anyway, i just want to say that i'm
		especially thrilled to be publishing it.
		veronica lives in my building and we met
		in the elevator.  by the time we had
		traveled from the eighth floor to the
		first, we had a deal.  first printing:
		one million copies.

	everyone applauds enthusiastically.

