int.  doc keller's laboratory/barn - a little later

invisible boy and spleen report to the others.

					invisible boy
		whatever was in that crate... is from russia.

the others consider this, then hear a familiar voice.

					furious (0.s.)
		is there room in the pack for one more wolf?

they look up and see that furious has just returned... the sphinx moves 
to him.  for a moment they stand face to face...

					furious
		i was wrong... i need my friends.

sphinx takes off his mask, revealing that he is the busboy from the 
tacky taco.

					sphinx
		amigo.

they embrace.

a few mimutes later.  the others are gathered around furious, listening 
to his story.

					furious
		casanova said that in two days the entire city 
		would belong to him... and there wasn't a thing 
		that we could do about it.

					bowler
		what did he mean?

					furious
		i dunno.

through the window the moon is seen rising over the hillside, the 
frankenstein center silhouetted ominously against it. raja, shoveler, 
and furious gaze at it.

					shoveler
		maybe it's time we checked that place out.

					raja
		but how do we get in?

					furious
		(after a moment, sounding very sphinx-like)
		we just become like the wolf... who wears the 
		sheep's clothing.

montage with music - the next day

classic disco ("stayin' alive" if we can get the rights)

furious, raja, and shoveler (in street clothes) walk down the street 
together and step into the doorway of... the salvation army thrift 
shop...

later.  close on three pairs of legs, wearing polyester pants and 
vintage shoes (ala the classic shot from "saturday night fever")... 
camera widens to reveal our three heroes, dressed in full blown 
seventies attire (with vintage sunglasses), doing their best travolta 
strut down the street...

music continues as our heroes strut their way through the gates of the 
art center, right past the security guards...

outside the center - day

they climb the long stairs toward the center, which looms above them... 
then pass through the big wooden doors and into...

