ext.  train yards of champion city - night

letters read "six months later"...

as the camera explores the desolate muddy terrain of the train yards, 
cruising past piles of tires and abandoned train cars...

camera picks up a battered van as it drives through the yard, then 
pulls up beside an old boxcar.  the back of the van is thrown open, a 
ramp is thrown down, and the red eyes, a gang of vicious small time 
thieves (all of whom wear sunglasses with red lenses) start unloading 
their night's haul... red eye 1 drives a golf cart, with clubs, down 
the ramp.

					red eye 1
		golf anyone?

several more red eyes emerge carrying a sawn off bike rack with bikes 
still attached, a barber pole, a virgin mary lawn statue, and a top of 
the line baby stroller... while their leader, big red, stands in the 
door to the boxcar, watching approvingly.

					red eye 2
		not a bad night's work.

					big red
		who said crime don't pay?

the red eyes laugh... as red eye 3 takes the cover off the baby 
stroller and sees... that there's a baby still in it.

					red eye 3
		hey, boss, we got a stowaway.

the crooks gather around the baby, a jolly little kid who just laughs 
at them.

					red eye 4
				(about to slug him)
		who you laughin' at, punk?

					red eye 2
		he's just a tyke.  lighten up.

					red eye 5
		he's kinda cute.

					red eye 3
		if you like drool.

					red eye 2
		hey, why don't we sell him back to his parents?  
		for a million bucks!

the others think that's a great idea, but big red doesn't.

					big red
		and what if he rats on us?

the others hadn't thought of that.

					red eye 3
		so what should we do with him?

					big red
		stick a brick in his pampers and dump him in 
		the lake.

the others think that's a good idea and look around for a brick.

					red eye 3
		come on, kid, you're goin' for a swim.

but suddenly there is another presence... a man in a blue turban and 
cape with the initials "br" on his chest has appeared... he is the blue 
raja.

					raja
		not so fast, gentlemen--and i use the term 
		loosely... unhand that youngster...

another man steps into the light.  he wears a construction helmet and 
mask.  there is an "s" on his chest, and he carries an old shovel.  he 
is the shoveler.

					shoveler
		or you're mulch.

he brandishes his shovel for effect.  the red eyes look at these two, 
highly amused.

					big red
		what are you guys supposed to be... 
		superheroes?

a third man steps out.  his costume is less dramatic than the others.  
he wears only an old leather jacket and a faded, torn shirt with flames 
on it, but the fierce look on his face and the atrociousness of his 
haircut make it very clear that he is the craziest and most dangerous 
of the three.  he is mister furious.

					furious
		we are superheroes!

					big red
		really?  did you mother make those costumes?

the crooks howl with laughter.

					big red
		this is our territory.  beat it.

					furious
		over your dead body.

big red turns to the others and shakes with pretended fear.

					big red
		0ooooo, he's scary.

the red eyes laugh, but suddenly, a small silver projectile whizzes 
through the air and implants itself in big red's backside.  he howls 
with pain, pulls it out and examines it... it's a silver dessert fork.

					big red
		a fork!

the raja holds up his hands, each of which hold a spread of silver 
forks.

					raja
		and there's plenty more where that came from.

big red gives a shrill whistle, and a dozen more red eyes step out of 
an old caboose... including mikey, a four hundred pound behemoth.  he 
is eating a container of ben and jerry's like it was an ice cream cone, 
taking huge bites out of it, container and all.

raja and shoveler, reacting... gulp.  this was more than they'd 
bargained for.  but furious just growls; he's game.

					big red
		get 'em!

the red eyes attack... mister furious goes into a furious face; his 
hair stands out straight and he rushes right into the oncoming 
crooks...

a red eye takes a swing at the shoveler--but he simply puts up his 
shovel and lets the crook slug the shovel's pan.  the crook yelps with 
pain and shakes his battered hand... as the raja fends off crooks, 
poking them with salad forks... and the baby sits in his stroller, 
watching and laughing, really enjoying the show.  (there's no real 
martial artistry or teamwork here; this is a classic back alley 
brouhaha.)

but there's too many of then... the raja goes down under swinging 
fists... and so does the shoveler...

furious holds his own, taking out crooks with powerful lefts and 
rights--until mikey runs him down like a truck, falling right on top of 
him and crushing him under his massive weight.

					red eyes
		crush him, mikey!... mash him!... mush him!

					furious
			(barely audible under all that meat)
		is that all you got?

					red eyes
		he wants more!... squish him!... finish him 
		off!

					furious
					(faintly)
		your mother!

mikey, sweating, bears down... but suddenly, a calm, very authoritative 
voice is heard.

					voice (0.s.)
		is there a problem?

everything suddenly stops, as the red eyes look up and see... captain 
amazing standing on tap of the boxcar, hands on hips, framed in the 
light at the moon, his biceps bulging, his state of the art physique 
sculpted body armor gleaming in the moonlight, his cape wafting 
heroically in the wind.  he is superhero perfection incarnate.

on the red eyes as their viciousness turns instantly to panic...

					red eyes
		it's captain amazing!

big red and a couple others try to run for it, but amazing leaps ca-
like off the boxcar and is on them in a flash.  as the baby claps his 
hands in delight, and our three heroes watch in beat-up awe, amazing 
deftly takes out the crooks with expert punches and effortlessly 
delivered elbows and kicks. he is the consumate superhero, and he 
doesn't even break a sweat.

the remaining red eyes drop to their knees and throw up their hands in 
surrender.

					red eyes
		we give!... we're sorry!... we had terrible 
		childhoods!  (etc.)

police cars and a tv truck come screeching into the train yard... and 
the scene is suddenly flooded vith light and swarming with cops and 
reporters...

our three heroes try to approach captain amazing (who still looks fresh 
as a daisy).

					raja
		nice work, captain.

but amazing just walks past them, ignoring them completely, as if they 
didn't even exist.  he goes to greet dawn wong (champion city's answer 
to connie chung).

					amazing
			(turning on the old superhero charm)
		hi. dawn.

					dawn
			(putty in his hands, pudding in his bowl)
		looks like you've done it again, captain.

					amazing
		it's what i do.

our heroes just watch, feeling ignored, humiliated.  furious growls.  
suddenly, two cops are accosting them.

					cop 1
		okay, show's over. move it. on your way.

					raja
		wait a minute, officers. you don't understand--
		we're superheroes, and we just busted up this 
		gang.

					cop 1
		really?  let me guess-you're towel head and 
		he's...
				(meaning the shoveler)
		captain pooper scooper!

the cops crack up.  furious growls at them.  the cops yank out their 
nightsticks.

					cop 1
		hey!  move it!

					cop 2
		get a life!

					cop 1
		and leave crime fighting to the real thing!

shoveler and raja pull furious away before he gets into real trouble... 
the cops watch as our three heroes disappear into the night.

					cop 1
		wannabes.

					cop 2
		pathetic.

