ext.  country road - continuous - close on furious

the wind whipping against his face, as he rides his harley at about a 
hundred miles an hour... the languorous sound of an old dean martin 
song is heard as we...

fade into:

menory sequence - day - close on furious

as a little boy, sitting in the backseat of the family car. it is 
thirty years ago, and mister furious is a sweet, very shy, well 
behaved, perfectly normal three year old.  his mother and father sit in 
the front.  dean martin is playing on the car radio.  little furious 
looks out the window and sees the mohave desert going by.  a sign reads 
"las vegas, 120 miles".

					mother
				   (to husband)
		oh this place looks great.

an old sign reads "bar" as the family car pulls into the parking lot of 
a single adobe building out in the middle of nowhere.  they park.

					mother
		now honey, you just wait in the car.  mommy and 
		daddy will be right beck.

they get out, lock the car and head for the bar, leaving the windows 
up.  little furious watches them go, never suspecting that his entire 
life is about to change.  he sits quietly in the backseat and plays 
with the little superhero figurines that he's brought with him.

					little furious
		pow!  bang!  wham!

inside the bar - continuous

as the parents enter.  a very western motif.  an old gene autrey song 
is playing on the juke.  the air conditioning is on.	they're the only 
customers in the place.

					mother
		it's nice and cool in here.

					father
				(as they sit at the bar)
		barkeep, a couple of cold ones.

cut back and forth between car and bar -

angle on the midday son - blazing down on the car...

as little furious still plays with his superheroes, but the interior is 
starting to bake, and the sweat begins to pour ofr him.  he looks out 
at the bar. gettinq worried.  he tries the windows, but they're 
automatic and won't open...

back in the bar his parents down shots of bourbon with their beers, as 
the bartender finishes telling them a joke.

					bartender
		and here's a banana for your monkey.

mom and dad have a good laugh.

					bartender
		couple more?

					father
		you bet.

angle from outside tue car as little furious, sweat and tears pouring 
out of him, his hair wet and sticking out (and starting to take on that 
familiar look), pounds on the window.

					little furious
		mommy!  daddy!  mommy!  daddy!

as back in the bar his parents, now very drunk, down more beers and 
chasers as they play a spirited game of pinball.

angle on the mohave sun - beating down mercilessly

barely able to breath, little furious flops back onto the seat, his 
face a mask of heat and terror... but suddenly, a change begins to take 
place in him, as some primordial defense mechanism kicks in... and his 
fear begins to give way to rage... his teeth bare.

close on his hands -

as they crush the superhero figurines in their grasp...

while back in the bar his drunken parents dance a slow two step to hank 
williams "your cheatin' heart"...

