int.  the barn - continuous

as our heroes step into heller's laboratory/arsenal.  a stack of small 
aluminum cans lines one wall.  there are weird lookinq sprayers, tubes, 
and strange homemade toy-like devices... but there isn't a firearm in 
sight.

					raja
		but, doc... where's the machine guns?

					shoveler
		the bazookas?

					invisible boy
		the lasers?

					heller
		you don't need that junk!  you see, for 
		thousands of years mankind has been immolating, 
		disemboweling, and exploding itself.  why?  
		because we have this built-in screwed up need 
		to go to war!
					(more)

					heller (cont'd)
		so as a young man i thought, why nat have the 
		fun and excitement of war, without all that 
		unnecessary bloodshed.  that's why i have 
		devoted my life to developing an arsenal of 
		highly sophisticated non-lethal military 
		weapons.
				(points to a hand held tube)
		air cannons... blame throwers... feet seeking 
		missiles... and perhaps my ultimate 
		invention...
	   		   (picks up one of the small cans)
		the canned tornado.

furious groans, and the others share a look.  this guy's really a nut.

					heller
		now here's a beauty!
			(picks up a purple and orange sprayer
			that looks like a suped up water gun)
		i call it the shrinker!  i developed it after 
		years of studying the worst dry cleaners i 
		could find.  it instantly shrinks fabrics to 
		half their size.  anyone caught in its spray is 
		immediately immobilized by their own clothing!

					furious
		let's get out of here.

furious turns and goes out, and the others start to follow. but the 
bowler picks up a canned tornado.

outside the barn - continuous

as furious walks away, the bowler steps out of the barn.

					bowler
		hey, mister bad mood.

furious stops, turns back.

					bowler
			(pulls the ring on the can)
		catch.

she tosses the can to him.  he catches it--just as a small angry 
tornado funnels out of the can.  it catches furious and lifts him high 
in the air... then dissipates to nothing...

a beat later furious lands on the ground with a painful thump.

on the others, amazed.

furious gets to his feet, unhurt, but really pissed off.  he starts 
back toward the barn, violently kicking the empty can. the others get 
out of his way, as, muttering angrily to himself, he goes back into the 
barn...

and emerges a moment later, toting the air cannon.

					heller
		he's got the air cannon!

the others think he's going to use it on them and scatter for cover. 
but furious steps out into the yard, looking for a suitable target... 
he sees an old abandoned outhouse, puts the air cannon to his shoulder, 
aims, and fires...

there is a loud whoooomph of compressed air, and the huge recoil of the 
cannon instantly flings furious back against the wall of the barn.  but 
the big rush of air hits the shed dead center... and blows it to 
pieces, leaving only the old seat.

furious gets up, dusts himself off, and moves to doc heller.

					furious
		doc, you're a genius!
				     (hugs him)

					heller
		i know.

					furious
				(turns to the others)
		okay! we got the firepower!  i say we throw it 
		into the car, drive over to casanova's house, 
		and kick some ass!

					sphinx
		no.

the others ignore furious and listen to the sphinx.

					sphinx
		we are not yet ready.  now we must learn to 
		fight together... as one thing.

the others nod in agreemnt... while furious fumes.

montage with music - training at the farm

close on doc heller aiming his air cannon... camera pulls back to 
reveal our heroes (minus furious) standing in a pack right behind him, 
holding him down. he fires, and the recoil jolts them all violently, 
but it doesn't knock them over...

as half a dozen scarecrows are blown to pieces... our heroes chieer and 
shake their fists... while mr. furious sits alone on the sidelines, 
drinking bourbon, and feeling very alienated.

various shots as our heroes learn to fight as a team... crawling across 
the grass together....charginq in a line... hurling canned tornadoes... 
while furious sits it out, brooding, drinking, and getting very jealous 
of the sphinx.

shoveler, bowler, and the sphinx stand shoulder to shoulder, as 
invisible boy, spleen, raja, and the doc throw small stones at them... 
they deflect the pebbles with shovel, bowling ball, and machete... 
theyre having fun.  they're becoming a team...

