int.  conference room - continuous

the camera pans the expressionless faces of the review board as 
casanova frankenstein sits across from them.  dressed in an 
immaculately tailored prison smock (with "casanova" exquisitely 
embroidered above the pocket), he sits contritely as doctor emmet 
bierce, the hospital's fatherly chief of psychiatry, presents his case.

					bierce
		no one can deny the horrendous nature of mr. 
		frankenstein's crimes, but in the twenty years 
		he has been with us, i have never seen a 
		patient turn his energies to more productive 
		use.

casanova, the picture of remorse and repentance.

					bierce
		just look at his accomplishments... three 
		volumes of poetry, two rock operas, a sculpture 
		garden, four romance novels... and who can 
		forget his touching portrayal of billy bigelow 
		in our all-psychotic production of 
		"carousel"...

on several of the board getting misty eyed at the memory of that 
brilliant performance...

					bierce
		directed by our own doctor anabel leek.

on doctor anabel leek, the hospital's icily beautiful, ultra cool, top 
shrink.

a moment later casanova addresses them... his manner is charming, 
sincere, his voice soft, filled with emotion.  he is a master of 
seduction.

					casanova
		twenty years ago i was a lost soul.  
		loveless...
		(with a son-like glance at doctor bierce)
		fatherless...
		(chokes on the word)
		a... psycho!
		(breaks down sobbing)
		oh!  how could i have done it? the murder... 
		the mayhem... all of those lovely young girls!
		(weeping, a brilliant performance)
		i'm sorry!  i'm so so sorry!

doctor bierce wipes the tears from his eyes.  reactions from the board, 
moved, as casanova weeps convulsively.  doctor leek shows no reaction.

					casanova
				(pulls himself together)
		but my deeds have been done, and my youth is 
		gone, and we can only go forward in this cruel 
		world... and if i have learned anything from my 
		wretched life it is that... when you walk 
		through a storm, keep your head held high...
					(singing)
		and don't be afraid of the dark...

tears plop dawn the cheeks of the review board as the fully 
orchestrated strains of "when you walk through a storm" swell...

series of shots - as the music continues

a hand stamps casanova's file "cured"... casanova shakes hands and 
embraces the tearful members of the review board, finishing with a 
paternal hug from doctor bierce.

in his cell a guard delivers casanova his favorite old disco suit 
(that's been waiting far him for twenty years).

casanova, dressed in the suit, walks down the central aisle of the 
lock-up... a moment later he steps out of the massive gates of the 
hospital, and takes his first deep breath of freedom... while in an 
office window high above bierce and the members of the review board 
stand watching, very proud...

but suddenly the music changes to seventies disco as a black ferrari 
drives up, and doctor leek, now dressed very sexily, gets out... as the 
review board watches in stunned silence, casanova and anabel perform a 
nifty little disco twirl, finishing with a very lewd kiss...

bierce, watching, realizes he's been duped... as casanova, grinning up 
at him, puts a long gold chain (his favorite weapon) around his neck... 
bierce, horrified, picks up the telephone... as casanova and anabel get 
in the car.

