int.  security desk - continuous

casanova sits at a security console.  anabel, tony p, and the top 
crooks stand behind him, listening.

					casanova
		by whom?

					voice of guard
		we don't know!

back on the stairs - continuous

as the herkimer climbs to the top, then rams into the doors with a 
thud.  but the doors hold.

back on the villains -

					tony p
		they'll never get through those doors.

back at the front door - continuous

but the plucky little herkimer digs in its rear wheels and pushes 
against the doors like the little engine that could...

inside the herkimer - continuous

as our heroes encourage the herk.

					shoveler
		come on, baby!

					bowler
		do it, big boy!

on its wheels, grinding, chewing up the concrete... 

just inside the center - continuous

as the herkimer comes crunching through the big wooden doors of the 
center, scattering the guards.

back inside the herkimer - continuous

our heroes cheer, pat the herk.

					shoveler
		atta, girl!

					bowler
		atta, boy!

back to casanova -

watching on a security monitor

					voice of guard
		mr. frankenstein, they're in!

					casanova
		well kill them.

back in the hall - continuous

the herkimer drives into the main hall of the center as a small army of 
security guards swarms in, guns blazing.

back at the security desk - continuous

casanova and the crooks watch the security monitor...

inside the herkimer - continuous

the bullets sound like hailstones bouncing off the armor of the herk as 
our heroes grimly prepare themselves for battle...the sphinxs puts on 
his mask... the bowler unzips her bag...doc heller cocks his air 
cannon... spleen and invisible boy load a bag with canned tornadoes... 
while mister furious watches anxiously.

the shoveler drives intently, bullets splattering like bugs on the 
windshield.

					shoveler
		where am i going?

					raja
			(pointing to an archway on the
				other side of the hall)
		through there!

					shoveler
		right.

but suddenly something under the hood blows up; the engine gives a long 
groan, and the herkimer rolls to a dead stop...

inside/outside the herikiner - continuous

right in the middle, in the most exposed position of the main hall.  
more guards arrive and open fire... an armored golf cart with a fifty 
caliber machine gun mounted on it comes speeding into the hall, 
blasting the herk...

inside, the sound of the big bullets is deafening as shoveler tries to 
restart the engine.

					shoveler
		no good!  she's dead!

on casanova and the crooks, watching the monitor and laughing as 
bullets pulverize the herk.

					tony p
		spam in a can!

the crooks laugh.

butsuddenly, the herkimer's door is thrown open, revealing our heroes--
holding down doc heller, his air cannon at the ready. he fires--there 
is a whoomph of air--and the mounted gun and a dozen guards are sent 
tumbling...

security desk - continuous - on casanova and the others

watching, sobered.

back in the main hall - continuous

as our heroes come charging out of the herkimer, using their various 
skills to blow through the surprised guards.  mr. furious comes out 
last, not quite sure what to do with himself.

but suddenly, a withering barrage of machine gun fire is being laid 
down on them by three guards firing tommy guns from a balcony 
overlooking the floor.  bullets splatter all around them--and several 
unlucky guards are hit--but our heroes dive for cover. the raja tries 
to get off a fork, but the firing is too intense.  our heroes are 
pinned down.

on mr. furious as he sees... the bag of canned tornadoes. he's got no 
superpowers, and he's scared to death, but he grabs a canned tornado.

					furious
		cover me!

					shoveler
		with what?

bullets dancing all around him, furious runs a desperate (but 
impressive) zig-zag pattern across the floor... he performs a wild 
somersault, comes up on his feet, pops open the can, and executes a 
perfect jump shot, lobbing it right into the balcony.  the tornado 
funnels out, and the guards are sent flying.

on casanova and the top crooks watching...

					elvis brother 1
		who are those guys?

close on casanova, who knows who they are.

while back in the hall our heroes rally around a shaken mr. furious.

					raja
		not bad for a normal guy!

					sphinx
		amigos!

					all
		do or die!

