ext.  an alley - a little later - close on furious

as he comes to with a qroan and sees... the bowler and invisible boy 
tied up and gagged, with the raja, shoveler, and the spleen trussed up 
right next to them.  furious looks up, sees tony p standing over him.

					tony p
		hi, cutie.

furious struggles, but he has been secured with some very heavy tire 
chains.  tony p takes out a large caliber revolver, flips it open to 
make sure it's loaded.

					tony p
		six losers. six bullets. perfect... got any 
		last words, angry boy?

					furious
		disco sucks.

					tony p
		disco sucks.  very good.  you know what i'm 
		gonna do, angry boy, since you're so colorful?  
		i'm gonna save you for last.

he turns and points the pistol right at invisible boy's head. furious 
struggles against his chains--to no avail.

					tony p
		sweet dreams, punk.

invisible boy closes his eyes... tony p cocks the pistol... but 
suddenly, there is the ring of steel--a broad blade sweeps through the 
air, and tony p's pistol is sliced neatly in half.

					tony p
				(holding half a pistol)
		holy...

the man is the strange steel mask is standing there, the drawn machete 
still in his hand.

					man in mask
		buenos naches.

					tony p
		get him!

the disco boys rush the newcomer, but he slices through their baseball 
bats with his machete, and sends them reeling and crashing into each 
other with expert forearm blows, whacks with the flat of his blade, and 
head butts with his mask.

furious struggles to break free and join the fight, but the chains are 
too strong... and the stranger doesn't need any help.

tony p flicks open a big switchblade and lunges at the stranger, who 
sidesteps him like a matador and swings his machete at him.  tony p 
turns, about to charge again.

					man in mask
				    (mexican accent)
		would you like me to trim the sides?

					tony p
		what?

tony p feels the top of his head, and realizes that the blow from the 
machete has neatly sliced off the top his disco-do, leaving only 
stubble on the top of his head.

					tony p
			     	  (freaking out)
		let's get outta here!

tony and the disco boys run for it...

furious and the others study their masked savior, who stands before 
them, machete in hand.

					furious
		you're the sphinx.

					sphinx
		and you are a fool.

he raises his machete above furious' head... and then slices clean 
through the chains.

