int.  the diner - night

our heroes sit at their usual table along with invisible boy and a 
weird looking guy in a greasy, stained yellow superhero outfit.  across 
his chest in falling off stick on letters it reads "the spleen", and 
that's exactly who he is.  furious, the raja, and shoveler sit as far 
away from him as possible. he is a totally noxious, hyperactive 
person... and he is thrilled to be there.

					spleen
		boy i can't tell you how thrilled i was when 
		you guys called--you gonna eat that pickle?
				   (sucks it in)
		i've always dreamed of being a member of the a 
		real superhero team--and to have friends--real 
		friends--i mean guys i could live with--sleep 
		with--die with--eat with...

he puts the mustard dispenser to his lips and squeezes it straight into 
his mouth.

					spleen
		i love mustard.

furious, raja, and the shoveler react; they can't believe they've 
actually invited this guy to join their group.

					invisible boy
		so what exactly is your superpower?

					spleen
		well, when i was a kid i grew up on love canal-
		-remember that?--and my brothers and i used to 
		go swimming in it--make kool-aid out of it--
		stuff like that.  anyway my brothers all died, 
		but i lived, and i grew all these like weird 
		organs that have never been seen in humans 
		before.  so now i can do things like this!

he leans over the table and lets just a little tiny drop of spittle 
dribble onto the table...

close on the table -

as the spittle burns a hole in the formica.

					spleen
		cool, huh?

the spleen inadvertently gives the tiniest little burp, and our three 
heroes duck out of the way or under the table.

				furious, raja, & shoveler
		watch it!... look out!... whoa!

the people in the next booth give a cry of revulsion, put their hands 
to their mouths, and immediately leave.

					spleen
		sorry, sorry.

					shoveler
		hey, why don't you just put a cork in it?

					spleen
		i tried that once.  the cork melted.

the same - after dinner

our heroes mull their situation over coffee.  monica freshens their 
cups.  the spleen squirts mustard in his coffee.

					shoveler
		there's just not enough of us.

					furious
		but we know they're out there. hundreds--maybe 
		thousands of lonely, unknown superheroes, who 
		desperately need a cause...

					raja
		and a social life.

					shoveler
		yeah, but how do we get to them?

					spleen
		obscene phone calls?

they ignore that suggestion.

					monica
		why don't you throw a barbecue?
			(moves off to another table)

on our heroes, realizing that's it.

