ext.  on the wall - a moment later - on furious

still climbing as he hears a scream, looks up... and sees anabel go 
plummeting past him.

on our heroes down below.

					bowler
		heads up!

camera holds on our heroes, wincing as anabel hits with an ugly thud.

suddenly they hear invisible boy calling to them.

					invisible boy
		guys, i did it! i did it!  i'm invisible!

they all turn and see... invisible boy, totally visible, but standing 
on the other side of the arch.

					invisible boy
		can you see me?

					all
		yes!

					invisible boy
		nuts.

					shoveler
		kid, turn that thing off!

invisible boy turns and sees... a computer screen built into the wall 
(with the same image of the eye on it that was on casanova's computer), 
but he doesn't have a clue how to turn it off.  suddenly, he hears 
running feet, turns and sees...

the top crooks and the disco boys rushing towards him through the giant 
sculptures.  he gets an idea... and stands right in front of the 
computer screen.

					invisible boy
		hey! creeps!

he makes a face at them--and a dozen guns are instantly fired at him.  
he jumps clear behind a pillar--as the bullets smash into the wall... 
one of them demolishing the computer screen.

close on the eye -

as it goes dead.

on invisible boy, hiding behind the pillar... realizing he's been shot 
in the shoulder.

back on our heroes -

					shoveler
		this is it!  do or die!

the villains form a line, bristling with pistols... as our heroes, led 
by sphinx, shoveler, and bowler come running through the arch.  the 
threesome go shoulder to shoulder (with our other heroes right behind 
them) as the villains open fire, laying down a deadly fusillade...

on shoveler, bowler, and sphinx, standing together, deflecting their 
bullets with shovel, bowling ball, and machete... (as they practiced 
with pebbles at the farm)... with the raja right behind them, hurling 
silverware...

on the villains, rapid firing... but their own bullets ricochet back 
into them, dropping them... they start to fall back.

back to the top of the tower - continuous

casanova is about to finish monica.

					casanova
		and the light goes out...

					furious (0.s.)
		frankenstein!

casanova turns and sees... furious, standing on the balcony.

					casanova
		roy... what took you so long?

furious starts at casanova, who aims anabel's pistol at him. furious 
hesitates.

					casanova
		let me guess... bullets don't hurt you.

					furious
		they hurt... but they don't stop me!

furious lunges at casanova--who gets off a shot before furious grabs 
the gun out of his hand.  casanova ducks clear.  furious tosses the 
pistol away... then realizes he's bleeding from a shoulder wound.

					casanova
		smarts, doesn't it?... shall we dance?

he turns on his stereo and the sound of disco music fills the air...

intercut between the two fights - continuous

downstairs, the villains have regrouped.

					tony p
		let's rush 'em!

they charge en mass at our heroes... who are waiting for them... 
pinching their noses closed, the spleen bent over at their forefront...

while casanova dances around furious like a cat... furious, fighting 
the pain of his bullet wound, lunges at him, and casanova neatly 
sidesteps him...

the crooks and disco boys fall back, gasping, choking in the noxious 
fumes...

as casanova attacks...

advancing shoulder to shoulder, fighting as a team, our heroes wield 
machete, fork, shovel, bowling ball, and canned tornado... forcing the 
villains back...

casanova comes at furious relentlessly, kicking and spinning...  and 
furious gets the worst of it.

suddenly, a squad of disco boys comes charging at our heroes from the 
flank... but doc heller turns to face them, shrinker spray held rambo-
style on his hip.  he lets them have it, blasting them with a dense 
blue spray...

when the spray clears, the d boys lie squirming on the floor, prisoners 
in their now child sized disco suits...

					disco boys
		help!... get me out of this!
				        (etc.)

upstairs, casanova pummels furious...

while, downstairs, the shoveler dispatches the elvis brothers with some 
nifty shovel work... but suddenly, the bland boys, pistols blazing, are 
advancing on him, forcing him back against the base of a sculpture.  
but the raja suddenly leaps up onto the sculpture.

					raja (0.s.)
		gentlemen!

the bland boys look up and see... the raja, both hands filled with 
silverware... which he hurls...

a beat later the bland boys, bristling with forks and grapefruit 
spoons, run screaming through the sculptures... as tony p, pistol in 
hand, skulks out from behind a sculpture and spots... the bowler.

upstairs, furious goes flying against a wall...

					casanova
		roy, you're making this too easy.

as tony p takes a careful bead on the bowler.

					tony p
		say hello to daddy for me!

he opens fire, but she goes instantly into her ball svinging frenzy... 
he fires, missing--she's too fast to keep a bead on... finally, his gun 
clicks empty.  she turns and faces him.

					bowler
				     (grimly)
		daddy says hello.

she hurls the ball at him--like a fiery softball pitch.

ball's pov -

going straight for tony p's screaming head...

on the bowler, watching--as tony's scream is cut short by a gruesose 
thud.

back upstairs casanova cornmes at furious again... but furious ducks 
the kick, pops back up and smashes casanova with his good arm... 
sending him flying across the room... casanova recovers.

					casanova
		let's change the tune.

he reaches into his pocket and takes out the remote device (that anabel 
used at the luncheon).  he presses a button...

on the wolf sculpture as the jaws open, its eyes glow red... and the 
dreadful sound of the psychostridulator grinds up and fills the night 
air like a siren.

downstairs, the foul noise fills the room and our heroes and the 
villains all go into a full blown psychotic episode... the villains 
start shooting and stabbing each other.

series of shots - around the city - continuous

on main street cars slam into each other.  pedestrians start screaming 
and fightinq... a man and his dog snarl and snap at each other...

the customers at the lakeside diner go insane, hurling plates and 
food...

at the shoveler's house the kids turn psycho in front of the 
television...

angle on a typical suburban neighborhood -

as the sounds of screaming and smashing dishes and furniture can be 
heard coming from all the houses...

long angle of champion city -

as a din of collective insanity rises up from the city...

back to the top of the tower - continuous - on casanova

in full psychotic ecstasy...

					casanova
		what a rush!
			(tosses the remote off the balcony)

on monica, still motionless on the bed...

casanova and furious collide in the center of the room and grapple in a 
contest of psychotically enhanced superhuman strength... casanova gets 
his hands around furious's throat and crushes it... furious drops to 
his knees, and casanova thinks he's got him.  but furious, grimacing 
with rage, looks him right in the eye.

					furious
				   (raspy voiced)
		is... that... all you got?

furious grabs casanova's wrists... and crushes them.  casanova howls 
with pain, loses his grip.  furious slugs him, again and again... then 
he grabs casanova by the belt, swings him around, and hurls him into 
the air...

casanova crashes into the huge crystal chandelier--there is an 
explosion of crystal and glass.  furious averts his eyes as cut glass 
rains down all around him... then he looks up and sees...

casanova's gold chain has hooked onto a fixture of the chandelier.  
casanova kicks and flails... as he is hanged by the neck on his own 
gold chain...

furious moves to the wolf sculpture.  be plunges his hand through its 
bronze casing, and rips out the heart of the psychostridulator, a 
flashing football sized device that gives off an unamplifjed, but 
higher pitched and more irritating sound...

furious hurls the device hard against the floor, and it smashes into a 
thousand pieces...

close on one of the pieces -

in insect sized device that gives off an even higher pitched, even more 
disorienting sound.  this is the very nerve center of the 
psychostridulator...

furious lifts his foot and crushes it hard under his heel...

silence...

furious drops to his knees, wounded, exhausted... he looks up... at 
casanova, who dangles lifelessly off the chandelier...

					furious
		nice dancing with you.

series of shots - various locations - continuous

as our other heroes return to their senses amidst the vanquished 
crooks... the traumatized reunants of whom run for it. things also 
return to normal...

on the street...

at the lakeside diner...

and at the shoveler's house...

back to the top of the tower - continuous

furious moves to the bed, where monica lies motionless and pale...

					furious
		monica...

he touches her face, her eyes open, and she looks at him.

					monica
		you're beautiful when you're angry.

he takes her tenderly in his arm... as the raja, the shoveler and the 
others rush into the room and see... furious and monica embracing.

