ext.  top of the frankenstein tower - continuous

monica leans over the edge of the balcony, the wolf sculpture looming 
over her, shouting down at them.

					monica
		roy!  the psycho thing is--!

but strong hands suddenly grab her.  it's casanova.

back to furious - continuous

as high above he hears monica scream.

back to the balcony - continuous

casanova, hand held tightly across monica's mouth, shouts down 
tauntingly to furious.

					casanova
		thanks, roy!  she's just my type. you can have 
		her back... when i'm done!

back t0 furious - continuous

as he hears casanova's evil laugh and monica's scream.  he is desperate 
to find a way up, but the wall is completely sheer. he feels helpless-
frantic, near tears...

flash to the terrified little boy trapped in the back of his p8arents' 
car, crying, pounding on the windows...

and then... mr. furious' hands clench into fists--his hair stands up--
and his face turns into a mask of primordial rage. his button has 
finally been pressed.  be's mad!  he reaches up as high as he can...

close on his hand -

as his fingers literally dig into the concrete of the wall... and he 
pulls himself up.

back at the top 0f the tower - continuous

casanova throws monica onto the bed, puts his hands on her throat and 
strangles her as she thrashes helplessly against his immense strength.

back to furious -

fifty feet up and climbing.  he pulls himself up, one hand, then 
another, digging in his fingernails, catchng his toes on whatever tiny 
cracks he can find... as the others gaze up at him.

					heller
		he'll never make it.

					bowler
		think positive.

meanwhile, invisible boy stands staring at the security eye, a look of 
fierce determination on his face.  this is his moment.

					invisible boy
					(to himself)
		i can do it.

he takes a deep breath, closes his eyes, and concentrates...

on furious as the fingers of one hand lose their grip and a toehold 
gives way... for a desperate moment, furious is dangling off the wall 
by the tips of the fingers of one hand. only his incredible rage keeps 
his fingertips taut.

suddenly, there is a flash of silver, and a large cake fork embeds in 
the concrete not far from his head.  furious grabs hold of it, and 
throws a grateful look down to the raja...

who salaams up at him...

as invisible boy, eyes closed in concentration, walks very slowly, 
hands at his sides, in an almost egyptian pose... toward the eye... 
which stares down mercilessly, waiting for its next victim...

we notice that invisible boy has become... just slightly transparent.

at the top of the tower - continuous - on casanova

a look of pleasure on his face as he strangles monica.  her resistance 
fades.  her hands fall away.  she is pale, beautiful, almost gone, a 
picture of exquisite death.

					casanova
				   (admiring her)
		some girls just know how to die.

suddenly, we hear someone cursing casanova in russian. he turns and 
sees... anabel standing there, pistol in hand.

					anabel
		you two timing psychotic bastard.

					casanova
		darling, you've got the wrong idea.

					anabel
				(aiming at his heart)
		do i?

					casanova
		i was only strangling her... i've killed hundreds of women.  
		it doesn't mean a thing.
				(moving toward her, turning on
				that old frankenstein charm)
		pootchkie, you're over-reacting. this is our 
		night.  it's what we've lied for... cheated 
		for... murdered for.  she's just a plaything, a 
		trifle... you're the only woman who's ever 
		meant anything to me. i adore you.  i worship 
		you.  i want to make you my bride.

she succumbs to his charms, and he gently takes the pistol out of her 
hand.

					casanova
		there's just one thing...
				(with a psychotic smile)
		i don't need you anymore.

a look of terror comes across her face as she sees the murder in his 
eyes.

					casanova
		don't worry, darling.  i never hit a lady.

