int.  banquet iiall - a moment later

as our heroes step inside and see... a big luncheon is in progress.  
casanova, anabel, and tony p sit at the head table. the room is lined 
with banquet tables, which are filled with vicious looking characters, 
drunk, eating, laughing, and giving the waitresses a very rough tim..

					raja
				    (stunned)
		oh my god... every crook in the city is here.

on a group of vicious looking bald biker types...

					raja (o.s.)
		the bone heads from the south side...

on three insipidly evil looking guys in hip suits...

					raja (o.s.)
		the bland boys from downtown...

on a dark haired white guy dressed as a rapper...

					raja (o.s.)
		italian ice...

on a guy with a frightening assortment of metal things piercing his 
face...

					raja (o.s.)
		the stapler...

on two thugs dressed as elvis...

					raja (0.s.)
		the elvis brothers.

a more degenerate group of criminals never sat down to lunch. furious 
recognizes one of the waitresses...   it's monica.

casanova's got his eye on her, too, and he remembers her from the night 
before on the street with furious.

on anabel, noticing his interest.

our heroes see monica walking straight toward them. they turn away, 
lean against a wail, trying to be totally inconspicuous...

but as she passes them, not noticing them... casanova approaches her.

					casanova
		excuse me.

she stops, turns to him, while our heroes listen in, only a few feet 
away...

					casanova
				(reading her name tag)
		monica... beautiful name.  it suits you.

close on furious, getting jealous.

					casanova
		i hope you won't take this the wrong way, but i 
		couldn't help but notice... that you're a dead 
		ringer for veronica lake in "the blue dahlia".

					monica
		really?

furious growls.  raja gives him an elbow.

					casanova
		are you an actress?

					monica
		just a waitress.

					casanova
		you underestimate yourself.

mister furious is fuming.  the strands of his perfectly coiffed disco-
do start to stand straight up.

					casanova
		you know i'm writing a play--it's just a little 
		broadway thing, but thure's a part in it that i 
		think you'd be perfect for.

					monica
		really?

					casanova
		i'd love to hear you read it. could you stick 
		around after the luncheon?

					monica
		sure--i guess.

					casanova
		terrific.

she turns and walks into the kitchen.

close on casanova, watching her; his intentions are sinister...  he 
turns and sees... our heroes, hanging by the wall.

					casanova
		what are you three doing here? this is invited 
		guests only.  out.

our heroes skulk out.

just outside the banquet hall - continuous

as our heroes step out and breathe a sigh of relief.

					raja
		that was too close.

					shoveler
		but we gotta find out what's going on in there.

					furious
		hey.

furious has spotted... a large covered dessert table, waiting to be 
wheeled into the hall.

back in the banquet hall - a few minutes later

as the dessert table is wheeled in... and in a closer angle, under the 
table cloth, we see three pairs of disco shoes creeping along...

a few minutes later, monica steps up to the dessert table... suddenly, 
she is yanked under.

under the table - continuous

monica struggles, tries to cry out, but a hand is clamped firmly over 
her mouth.

					furious
		it's me.

she calms down, and he takes his hand off her mouth.

					monica
		what are you guys doing here?

				  raja & shoveler
		shhhh!

the waitresses leave; the big doors to the dining room are swung 
closed, and the cigars are lit.  the meeting has begun. casanova takes 
the podium.

					casanova
		thank you all for coming.  i hope you enjoy the 
		cigars.  i had to kill a dozen cubans to get 
		them.

tony p chuckles loudly, but the joke goes over like a lead balloon with 
the rest of the crowd.

					casanova
		twenty years ago, this town was yours!  and i 
		was your king!

on the hoods, listening, bored, puffing on their cigars; this is a sad 
old story.

					casanova
				    (tragically)
		but they called me a psycho, and they put me 
		away.  for twenty years i rotted in my cell, 
		painting watercolors, writing haikus--just 
		waiting for the day i could take my revenge.  
		well, brothers, that day has come!

on our heroes under the table, listening.  monica begins to realize 
what's going on.

back to casanova -

					casanova
		they thought i was crazy? well the joke's on 
		them--because tonight at precisely midnight--on 
		the twentieth anniversary of my tragic arrest--
		every man, woman, and child in this city is 
		going to turn into a raving psycsotic!  mothers 
		will murder their tots!  old ladies will 
		strangle their cats!  children will bump off 
		their babysitters!

the guests think casanova's completely lost it.  italian ice speaks up.

					italian ice
		you're outta your mind!

					casanova
		i beg your pardon?

					italian ice
		nobody could drive a whole city crazy.

					casanova
		tell you what, ice.  i'll mke you a friendly 
		little wager.  it i can't do it... you can blow 
		my brains out.  if i can, i'll blow out yours.

now the hoods' interest has been perked.

					italian ice
		done.

					casanova
			(to anabel, with a smile)
		honey, give the boys a taste.

anabel puts on a pair of heavy duty sound deadening ear protectors, 
then presses a button on a small remote control device.

angle on a speaker, placed above the podium... as the air is suddenly 
filled with a weird, stridulating, horrific noise (somewhere between 
the sound of a fire siren and a hornet trapped in your ear) and 
everyone in the room (except anabel) goes completely berserk...

camera pans the tables as the guests laugh dementedly, punching, 
gouging, strangling, and stabbing each other...

under the serving table our heroes go crazy...

casanova, in a state of psychotic ecstasy, whips out his pistol and 
empties it into italian ice... who drops to the floor, dead.

anabel presses the button again; the sound winds down and stops, and 
everything returns to normal.  the entire event lasted only a few 
seconds, but the guests are dazzled.

					crooks
		that was great!... what the hell was that?... 
		how did you do that?

casanova throws anabel a kiss.

					casanova
		tonight, at midnight, that sound will be 
		amplified across this entire city.  murder and 
		mayhem will reign supreme!  and champion city 
		will be ours again!  this will be our castle!  
		and i will be our king!  and there's no one to 
		stop us!

suddenly, a familiar voice is heard.

					amazing (o.s.)
		not so fast, casanova!

a pair of curtains suddenly part... and captain amazing (looking a bit 
singed) is standing there in classic superhero pose.

camera pans the crooks, as their criminal ecstasy turns instantly to 
terror.  they yank out their pistols, dive for cover under the table, 
throw up their hands in surrender, etc... but casanova just grins.

					casanova
		don't worry, fellas...
			(moves to captain amazing, and
		puts his arm chummily around him)
		i killed him... and i've had him stuffed.

casaova reaches behind captain amazing's back and pulls a string (like 
the ones they used to have on those old talking dolls).

					amazing
				(in a canned voice)
		isn't my butt cute in these tights?
				   (pulls again)
		blue is my color.
				   (pulls again)
		oh, my abs are killing me!

the crooks are beside themselves with laughter.

on our heroes, under the table, stunned.

on the elvis brothers -

					elvis brother i
		the king is back!

					elvis brother 2
		long live the king!

the crooks fire their pistols exuberantly into the air, as disco music 
fills the air and casanova dances, basking in their adoration...

and our heroes slip out from under the table and make good their 
escape...

