ext.  city street - night

music continues as a little old lady crosses the street, when suddenly 
she looks up and sees a pair of headlights coming on fast.  an 
immaculately maintained seventies limo is heading straight for her.

inside the limo - continuous

disco boys sit in the front.  casanova, anabel, and tony p sit in the 
back, dressed for a night on the town...

there is a thud as the limo hits the old lady, and everyone in the car 
explodes into laughter.

					tony p
		little old lady.  that's a hundred points!

inside/outside the limo - a few minutes later

as the limo drives past a billboard with an ad for "milk" with a milk 
mustached captain amazing looking at the camera...

					tony p
		he knows your every move.

tony p imitates a massive electrical convulsion, and the villains crack 
up.

but as they pass the billboard, a pair of headlights illuminate in its 
shadows, and the shoveler's ford esquire pulls out and follows.

inside the esquire - continuous

the shoveler is driving.  mister furious sits in the front seat next to 
him, and our other heroes are packed into the back.

					furious
		let's say hello.

inside/outside the two cars - continuous

as the limo stops at a traffic light... and the esquire pulls up 
alongside it.  for a moment good and evil stare each other down.

					tony p
		not these guys again!

the disco boys howl with laughter.

					casanova
		nice car.

the d boys laugh.  furious stares at casanova, and casanova stares 
right back at him, as cool as a snake.

					furious
		what did you do with captain amazing?

					casanova
		captain who?

					tony p
				(spots the bowler)
		hey, in the backseat, who are you supposed to 
		be, the bowler?

					bowler
		i'm his daughter.

					tony p
		his daughter?  well guess what, sweetheart?  
		i'm the one who squished your daddy.  and he 
		squished real good!

the villains laugh, and mister furious explodes into rage.  he swings 
open his car door, mashing it into the limo and leaving a big dent.

					tony p
		hey!

					furious
		'scuse me!

he starts punching the limo like it's a punching bag--putting big dents 
in it.

					tony
		waste him!

tony and the boys all reach into their coats for their pistols--but as 
they yank them out, the spleen sticks his head out of the station 
wagon, puts his face right up to the open window of the limo and lets 
loose with a tremendous belch...

as the villains choke and gag in the noxious fumes, mister furious goes 
on a demolition rampage, working his way around the limo, punching big 
dents with his fists, breaking the windows with his head, flattening 
the tires by kicking them, knocking off the rear view mirror with the 
back of his hand...

then he leaps up on top of the limo...

while inside the villains gasp for air as big dents are stomped into 
the roof above them...

angle through the windsheild as furious leaps down onto the hood, and 
gazes in at them.

					furious
		shall i check your oil?

he plunges his hand through the metal of the hood, pulls out the car's 
dip stick, and checks it.

					furious
		looks fine.

he tosses the dip stick away, then leaps off just as tony p gets off a 
shot, exploding the windshield of the limo.

furious lands safely on the hood of the station wagon.  as the shoveler 
throws the esquire into gear, furious shouts...

					furious
		nice car!

and our heroes streak off into the night... casanova and the others 
stagger out of the demolished limo, sucking in the clean air.

					casanova
				(impressed by furious)
		that boy's got talent.

					tony p
		and i'm gonna nip it in the bud.

angle on a darkened alley -

where the man in the strange steel mask can be seen... watching.

