7    ext. motel - new jersey - day                                        7

     harlem's jagged teeth skyline juts across the river at the
     other end of the george washington bridge. on this side - a
     sledgehammer gripped in richie's fist, on the move, suddenly
     fills the frame.

                             richie                                           
                you know the number 1 fear of most                            
                people isn't dying; it's public speaking.                     
                they get physically ill. they throw up.                       

                             rivera                                           
                and that's what you want to do for a
                living.

                             richie
                i don't like being like that.     i want to                   
                beat it.

     armed with the sledgehammer, richie and his partner - javy               
     rivera - come past a seedy motel office where a tv shows                 
     another report about bumpy johnson.

     legend:   new jersey

     a motel clerk looks up, glimpses the sledgehammer -


                                                                    (cont)

                                                                     6.
                              
7   continued:                                                         7


                              clerk
                 hey -

    rivera flashes a new jersey detective's shield without                   
    breaking stride. takes a subpoena out of another pocket.                 

                              rivera                                         
                 who's going to do this?                                     

                              richie
                 he knows me, he'll take it from me.                         
                 i've known him since high school.                           

                              rivera                                         
                 just throw it in, he doesn't take it.                       
                 that's good service.                                        

    they reach a particular motel room door. rivera knocks.                  
    the door opens the length of a chain, revealing a wise guy
    in an undershirt, who, when he sees the subpoena, start to               
    close the door -                                                         

                              rivera                                         
                 throw it -                                                  

    as richie flings the subpoena in, the door slams on his                  
    hand. he wails in agony, tries to shoulder it open, hears                
    the dead bolt lock on the other side, feels campizi's teeth              
    bite into his fingers, watches his blood run down the frame.             

                              rivera                                         
                 down -                                                      

    richie hangs down from his hand as the sledgehammer swings               
    past his head shattering the door -                                      

8   int/ext. motel room - continuous                                   8

    the door rips from its hinges and the detectives crash in.
    the wise guy - campizi - hurries for the bathroom, slams the             
    door. this one's hollow and the detectives more easily                   
    break through it -                                                       

    campizi tries to climb out the bathroom window. richie                   
    grabs him, throws him into the shower stall, taking the
    plastic curtain down with them, smearing it with blood as
    richie beats at him before rivera can pull him off.                      

