106        int. narcotics squad hq - newark - day                          106

           a single, half-empty packet of heroin, the same one from the
           morgue, in distinctive blue cellophane, tacked to a bulletin
           board. richie, perched on a desk in front of it.

                                     richie
                        our mandate is to make major arrests.
                        no street guys - we want the suppliers -
                        the distributors.

           spearman, jones and abruzzo sit in the back, looking like
           delinquent students. of everyone in the open ground-floor
           that's been only slightly renovated - and there are about
           fifteen of them - they're the most disreputable-looking.

                                     richie
                        heroin, cocaine, amphetamines. no
                        grass under a thousand pounds. less than                   
                        that, someone else can waste their time.

           jones nudges abruzzo to pay attention. abruzzo elbows him
           back. richie just waits like a teacher for their attention.

                                     richie
                        we'll be handling big shipments, big
                        money, big temptation.
                               (jones raises his hand)
                        yeah.

                                     jones
                        there's a story about you. about
                        turning in some money. a lot of money.
                        is it true?

           jones isn't the only one here curious to know.        simply:


                                                                          (cont)

                                                                     49.
                               
106   continued:                                                     106


                                richie
                   it's not true.                                           

107   int/ext. car / street - newark - day                            107

      abruzzo, looking like a junkie, dirty jeans, wool cap,
      approaches a dealer on the corner. the perspective shifts
      to richie, spearman and jones in a car, watching as abruzzo
      chats briefly with the dealer before the exchange takes
      place: $10 for a blue-cellophane packet.

