82   int. diner - same time                                            82

     as his brothers eat lunch, frank - who can see tango outside
     - uncaps a glass sugar container.

                               frank
                  what matters in business is honesty,
                  integrity, hard work, loyalty, and never
                  forgetting where you came from.

     for reasons his brothers can't imagine, frank empties all
     sugar from the container onto his plate.
                               frank
                  you are what you are and that's one of
                  two things. you're nothing ... or you're
                  something. understand what i'm saying?

     the brothers nod tentatively, stare at the now-empty glass
     container. frank wipes his mouth with a napkin, gets up.

                               frank
                  i'll be right back.

83   ext/int. diner - moments later                                    83

     he comes out of the diner, crosses the street toward tango,
     who's buying fruit. greets him cheerfully -

                               frank
                  hey, tango, what's up.    i was just
                  thinking about you.
                               (more)
                                                                     (cont)

                                                                    38.
                              
83   continued:                                                       83
                               frank (cont'd)
                  i was looking at the jar and you know
                  what? i didn't    see nothing in it.

                               tango
                  the fuck you want, frank -

     before the last word is out of tango's mouth, frank's got a
     gun pressed against his forehead. silence. everyone backs
     away - the bodyguard, too. tango's girl pulls her arm from
     his and takes off. eventually -

                               tango
                  what're you going to do, boy? shoot me
                  in broad daylight? in front of everyone?

     it's as if life on the street has stopped. no one moves;
     everyone is looking at frank; maybe that's what he wants.
     as tango laughs at the thought -

                               frank
                  yeah, that's right.

     frank pulls the trigger and the big man falls back like
     someone hit with a board. frank stands over him and empties
     the gun in his chest, the shots echoing down the street.

     then it's quiet again. everyone's still looking him, but
     frank doesn't run. instead, he calmly reaches into tango's
     suit pocket, takes out a money clip thick with cash, drops
     it in the "jar" and sets it next to the body.

                               frank
                  for the cops. should be enough.

     frank returns to the diner and sits back down, ignoring the
     astonished stares from his brothers and everyone else in the
     place. tries to remember where he was in his lecture as he
     tucks the napkin back in his shirt collar.

                               frank
                  that basically's the whole picture right
                  there.

