ext.                     plain                             sunset


katsumoto points his sword and screams out his war cry. .

and they charge. it is suicidal

it is glorious.

it is the end of the samurai.

they charge forward, their war cries echoing in the canyon.

the imperial troops fire rifles -- samurai fall .. but still they come: -- pounding
over the earth like something from an ancient dream

                                                                                        113.
algren and katsumoto charge side by side. alive. warriors.

behind the imperial army

bagley and omura watch as the samurai fall, one by one.

with the charge

fifteen or twenty of the samurai -- including algren and katsumoto--
somehow manage to fight their way through the lines.

they break into the open.

and continue riding straight toward the rear.

algren and katsumoto

are both wounded, yet still they charge. they have only one thought in
mind -- death to their enemies. they gallop forward toward bagley and omura.

bagley

looks around in abject terror. he screams out an order.

two wagons

are moving into position. their rear gates fall open ... revealing the gatiling guns.

algren and katsumoto

are near enough to see them. yet they will not be deterred.

they charge on.


up ahead.

the gatling guns

are not yet ready to fire. japanese soldiers slam ammo belts into the chambers.

algren, katsumoto and the remaining samurai


have almost reached their goal.

bagley

cowers in fear, looks around, but there is nowhere to hide.

the samurai charge

even while riding at i full gallop, they have fixed arrows into their long

                                                                                                       114.
bows. they let loose a lethal volley.

bagley

                                             bagley
                            fire! fire, dammit!!!!!

but before the guns can open up, he is impaled by arrow after
arrow, a human pincushion. the final arrow pierces his forehead.

then...

the gatling guns finally fire. ripping into the samurai-


destroying them-

one after another is hit -- and still they come -- their voices raised in glorious cries of triumph-

graham watches from a hilltop, tears in his eyes.

katsumoto is hit, blood explodes .- his horse falls -- he spi1ls off--

then algren is hit -- he falls--

algren drags himself to katsumoto, bullets exploding ever ywhere ­

algren looks up to see...

the remaining samurai still charging-

and still the gatling guns tear through them--

and still they charge ­

until they are all down.

