ext.              yoritomo's                         house

algren, holding the wooden sword in 1870'5 baseball manner, is coaxing higen to throw the ball at him. the
children laugh as algren hits it onto the next porch.

taka watches her sons impassively. it is dear how much they like algren.

                                           algren (v.o.)
                          and i am sure they regard my wa ys to be as confounding
                          and unfathomable as i find theirs.

an ice crystal on the end of a branch


starts to drip. spring bas begun.

bxt.                 village                         day

villagers laugh as they go about the business of life. a man throws a sack of rice to another. two women hurry
awa y from a farmer who is teasing them.

algren is once again among the training warriors. he and another man face off, each waiting for the other to
attack with his wooden sword.

                                                                                                                54.
algren moves first, but his opponent counters, and strikes him easily. they wheel around and engage again,
and again algren is bested. furious, he throws himself at his opponent, reverting to classic saber technique.

in a flurry of movement, his opponent manages to deflect the blows and also knock algren to his knees.
yoritomo approaches and bows.

                                            yoritomo
                           a1gren -san. please forgive. too many mind.

                                             algren
                           what?

                                           yoritomo
                                  (pointing as he explains)
                           mind sword, mind face, mind people watch, too many mind.
                                  (on algren's confused expression)
                           no mind.

                                             algren
                           no mind?

                                           yoritomo
                           hai! no mind. you try.

algren nods, uncertainly, and picks himself up. again he faces the opponent, shaking off the tension and trying
to stay calm.

this time the opponent charges first, and algren manages to parry one blow, before he is again bested.

yoritomo bows happily and begins yammering in japanese, clearly taking credit for algren's progress.

across the square, katsumoto watches.


