ext.                   tokyo ­ street                             day


graham walks with algren.

                                             graham
                            leave? wh y would you leave now? no white
                            man has ever been in your position. do you
                            have any idea what it will mean to have omura
                            as your friend? you want land, you want women,
                            you want boys?

algren starts to walk faster, but graham stops him.

                                                graham
                            nathan. i wanted to leave, too. for three years.
                            you must believe me there is a majest y about
                            these people -- can you imagine what your own
                            country would be if it had half the drive and the
                            discipline and the belief and the bravery of these
                            ridiculous little people?

then raised voices from across the street stop them.

they see yoritomo surrounded by four imperial army soldiers. the soldiers
are rough and imperious, drunk with power. they carry gleaming rifle..

the soldiers bark orders. yoritomo stands proudly, responding calmly.

                                               algren

                            whit is this?

                                              graham
                            my god, it's the edicts...

                                               algren
                            what edicts?

algren arrives as the situation is clearly growing volatile - the soldiers are
pointing to yoritomo's head, screaming


algren steps toward the soldiers--

                                               algren
                            that's enough--

one of the soldiers screams at him -- raises his rifle -- all the soldiers raise their rifles ­
yoritomo reaches for his sword -- algren tries to push through -

                                                                                              81.
                                           algren
                                 (subtitles)
                           yoritomo, wait!

one of the soldiers smacks algren in the chin with a rifle butt. algren reels,
and by the time he stands straight again, four others are pointing their
ba yonets at his face.

graham takes hold of algren's arm.

                                              graham
                           don't be stupid.

algren makes eye contact with yoritomo, who -- in deference to his friend --
puts his sword away.

the japanese soldiers continue to scream at yoritomo. they force him to his knees.
rifles pressed to his head.

yoritomo bows his bead, speaking quietly, as if praying.

algren witches in horror all one of the soldiers removes his bayonet -- another grab.
yoritomo's hair, jerks his head back and begins hacking off yoritomo's traditional top-knot
of hair. brutally. blood.

yoritomo remains kneeling, head down, blood flowing down his face.

the soldiers laugh and move off.

algren kneels by yoritomo. yoritomo looks up at him. there are tears in
his eyes.

