ext.             tokyo streets               evening

down a shadowy street, lit only by t orches. slowl y we realize he is being
followed and that he knows it.

up ahead, the street appears to dead-end.

the two ronin step out from the shadows and face him, their hands on
their swords.

behind him, another dangerous looking ronin joins the one who has been
following him.

they begin to close in.

algren stands completely still. they grow closer.

algren appears to close his eyes. and the sound of the approaching footsteps
fades as we hear only the sound of his breathing.

                                                                                                             88.

the ronin draw their swords.

algren gently opens his eyes. ever ything has slowed down: a sign in
the breeze, a piece of rubbish on the street, the flame of a nearby torch.

a blur of motion.

everything happens so fast it is hard to tell just what has taken place. in the
strobing shadows, all we really know is that algren has leapt to the attack.

within seconds, four bodies lie in the street

algren holds bloody sword.

his face is cut and a sleeve of his jacket is ripped, but other than that he is
unharmed. ujio has taught him welt

as he stands, catching his breath, we hold on his face in close-up.

a sudden flash:

we see algren grab one of the torches and smash it across the ronin's face.

it is the attack ­ replayed in real-time.

rolling to avoid a death-blow, he grabs the fallen man's sword and eviscerates attacker #2.

the two remaining ronin strike.

he parries the blow of attacker #3, whirls to slice the legs of attacker #4,
whirls again to cut off the hand of attacker #1, who has returned to the attack.

meanwhile, attacker #3 serums and charges -- just lit attacker #4 is trying to stand.

algren steps back as attacker #3 impales attacker #4. algren steps forward and cuts off the head of attacker #3.


even now, it has happened too fast to be truly appreciated.

back to the street

we move, closer-still on algren's face.

a sudden flash:

and so we watch the attack again. in super-slow motion now, so we can fully
appreciate it's terrible beauty.

a torch smashes across a face.

a sword slices the sleeve of a coat.

sparks fly as two swords meet.

                                                                               89.
a severed hand falls in the dirt.

blood sprays from a decapitated head.

a sword is wiped clean.

back to the street

in real time, algren kneels to examine one of the dead ronin. on his arm is
tattooed a familiar emblem:
the sign of the omura zaibatsu


