ext.                           tokyo streets                          day

algren fights the crowds with colonel bagley and ambassador swanbeck..

                                             algren (v.o.)
                             may 15, 1877. the city i return to is immeasurabl y
                             changed

new construction ever ywhere. telegraph wires strung next to an ancient
temple. a modern european hotel is going up, dwarfing the traditional japanese
buildings. huge billboards advertising western goods. a new invention, the rickshaw,
has replaced many of the palanquins.

                                             algren (v.o.)
                             as though tokyo were determined to become
                             another new york or chicago .- all in one
                             headlong rush.

spider's web of telegraph cables spread from a tall new brick building.
it is like a new york office building stabbing into the heart of old
japan.

the familiar omura character is emblazoned on the side.

.int.             offices of the omura zaibatsu                                        day

aside from the occasional bit of japanese decor, this could be a buzzing wall street firm.

telegraph operators click away. accountants use adding machines. secretaries
use pneumatic tubes to send documents back and forth. engineers plot out
railway lines. all are dressed in western clothes.

algren, colonel bagley, and ambassador swanbeck enter.

                                               ambassador swanbeck
                                      (to algren)
                             if he asks, you can talk about ordnance and tactics.
                             but remember, this has to do with a lot more than
                             just weapons.

                                                                                                        76.

an anteroom holds waiting delegations from the various european powers.
a babel of language. ... french ...dutch ...russian ...german.

a pretty american secretary looks up from her desk.

                                         secretary
                           ambassador swanbeck, if you'll follow me.

some of the delegates arc craning forward, watching algren and the others hungrily
as they head into the final office.

