int.             yoritomo's house                       day

algren it now well enough to kneel at the table with the others. taka treats
him with utter politeness and dignity. he watches her intently, seeking any
sign of the animosity he's certain she must feel.

she hands him a bowl of rice.

                                           algren
                                  (smiling politely)
                           you hope i choke on it, don't you?

she bows, uncomprehending.

                                             algren
                           you want to poison it and watch me fall over
                           the table and foam at the mouth.
yoritomo bows in response to algren's new willingness to communicate.

                                             yoritomo
                                   (to taka, subtitles)
                           i promise i'll make him take a bath.

                                             taka
                                   (subtitles)
                           soon. please.

.ext.             village -- bathing tub                            day

yoritomo leads algren to a large, wooden bathing tub in i secluded part of
the village. a banked fire smolders beneath it.

embarrassed, yoritomo indicates to algren that be needs to bathe. algren
strips off his filthy uniform then lowers himself into the steaming water.

yoritomo begins taking off hit own kimono. a1gren is taken aback. used to
western privacy, he is a bit disquieted about bathing with another man.

yoritomo, unconcerned, climbs into the tub. he chats pleasantly as they
bathe, showing off his old battle wounds.

                                                                                      44.
algren's discomfort turns to outright alarm when a toothless old grandmother
appears. .she happily strips and joins them in the tub!

algren sinks a little lower into the water. the old grandmother smiles at
him with her toothless grin.

