ext.              village                                    sunset

katsumoto's village is the other japan. the japan we have not yet seen.

the gorgeous mountain scenery of yoshino envelopes the village. snow-
capped mountains soar in the distance. a valley below with rice fields.

                                                                                    36.

after the turmoil of tokyo, this place seems a bucolic paradise. traditional,
wooden japanese architecture. farming. the sense of harmony so markedly
absent from the cities.

algren, barely conscious, hunches over his horse. he has lost a lot of blood.

katsumoto leads his samurai into the village. as he passes, ever y person in
the village touches his or her forehead to the ground to show respect.

most of these villagers have never seen a white face and gaze at algren with
curiosity. and suspicion.

katsumoto dismounts in a large square, the rest of his men follow suit. a samurai
helps algren painfully slide from his horse.

katsumoto moves to the steps of the largest house. his officers fall
into formation around him. algren notes ujio - the grim samurai who killed
gant -- in jet black armor, glaring at him coldl y.

ujio walks forward and screams at algren in japanese. algren doesn't
move. this only makes ujio more angry. he paces back and forth like a
caged panther spitting invective at algren.

algren doesn't move. he watches uji o evenly. this takes incredible will.
his wounds are so bad that- he can barely stand.

suddenly - ujio draws his long sword -- it slashes through the air - the
blade singing -- and stops an inch away from algren's face!
algren doesn't move.

ujio brings the cutting edge' into contact with algren's check. blood runs
where even this feather-light touch cuts algren's skin. algren doesn't move.

ujio glares at him. then sheathes his sword and walks away.

katsumoto looks at algren deepl y, gauging him. then be speaks. in english.
algren is surprised.

                                            katsumoto
                           you cannot escape. we are deep in the mountains
                           and winter is coming.

katsumoto turns and walks into his house. uji o follows him. algren collapses.

fade to black.

as algren begins his time at the heart of the samurai world.


