int. convention hall              san francisco          day

where a trade show is in progress. scantily clad lovelies in red-white-and-
blue undies demonstrate the nation's most important new export: arms.
every weapon imaginable is on display: rifles, pistols, even howitzers. banners
declaim the virtues of winchester and springfield. of colt and remington
and smith & wesson. crowds mill around a stage. where:

                                             winchester rep
                           ladies and gentlemen ... the winchester
                           corporation is proud to bring to you... a true
                           american hero. a patriot who has proven his
                           gallantry time and again on the field of battle.

little tin soldiers are all lined up. a mass of grey. rebel troops
surrounding a band of blue union cavalry. a large, metal diorama.

                                             winchester rep
                           i hope you will join us in welcoming ...late of
                           the u.s. cavalry. the savior of sutter hill ...
                           captain nathan algren!

a last swig. algren steels himself, then strides onstage as we reveal a banner:

                                                                                     2.
winchester presents: the miracle at sutter's hill!

garish limelight from a row of foot lights illuminates algren.

                                            algren
                            my thanks, mr. mccabe... ladies and gents.

he looks down at the little metal soldiers and begins to tell the story of the
battle that made him famous. his narration is halting, unsteady:

                                                algren
                            ... on that fateful day, johnny reb had us in a
                            spot, perched on the lonely top of sutter's hill,
                            nothing but grey as far as the eye could see:
                            unhorsed and out of ammunition, i gazed down
                            into the, um, mael... mael...
                                      (squints to see better)
                            -maelstrom below us, and saw them moving up.

we realize he is reading from cue cards. the little rebel soldiers begin sliding
up the metal hill.

                                                algren
                            i knew it was fight or die. into the teeth of the
                            enemy or we would all be buried... buried ...
                                      (loses his place, under his breath)
                            shit...
                                      (finds it again)
                            ...on the same hill with our comrades a1ready
                            gone to merciful heaven...

a sudden flash:

algren's mind. the real battle of sutter's hill. the grim reality is ver y
different from the dashing tale. union soldiers scream in agony. those
horses still alive buck and froth at their tether.                      .

algren, a lieutenant then, moves among the panicked, bloody men. he stops beside a
private, his brother, david algren, 19, blonde, not much more than a boy.

                                             davey
                            they're coming, nate.

he looks over the wall. rebel troops are moving up the hill.

                                            algren
                            keep your head down.

                                              davey
                                    (smiling)
                            papa alwa ys said we should've joined the navy.

                                             algren
                            what'd he know?
                                    (looks fondly at his brother)
                            you watch me now. do whatever i say. .

                                                                                   3.

                                             davey
                           aye-a ye, lieutenant.

algren punches his shoulder and moves on down the line. nearby, algren's
friend, sergeant zebulah gant, though severel y wounded, reloads
his revolver with the last of his ammunition.

                                            gant
                           how're the horses?

                                              algren
                           better than you. smell better, too.
                                    (looks at him)
                           can you hold on, zeb?

                                              gant
                                     (fighting the pain)
                           i got i choice?

algren smiles sadly. his mend will die loon without medical attention.

algren moves down the line, bullets whizzing overhead. he kneels beside
colonel bagley, his commanding officer.

                                            bagley
                                  (panicking)
                           we need a flag. find me a goddamn white flag!

                                            algren
                           what are you talking about?!

                                            bagley
                           surrender, damn it! that's an order!

back to the convention hall:


                                                algren
                           no thought of surrender among those boy.
                           better to die as god made us, we thought, as
                           soldiers... so i gave the order. mister bugler,
                           sound mount up. mister bugler, sound prepare
                           arms. there were only thirty of us, but we had
                           fire in us yet. i looked down the hill at the destiny
                           ordained for us. and gave the order. mister
                                                             .
                           bugler, charge!

the little union cavalry soldiers begin moving down slots in the hill.

on sutter's hill:

algren leads a chaotic cavalry charge down the hill toward the advancing rebel
infantry -- artillery explosi ons - bullets snapping, trees shattering.

algren's brother, davey, rides beside him.

                                                                                      4.

the wounded sergeant gant pulls himself up, waves his cap and yells.

bagley remains cowering behind the stone wall.


back to the convention hall:

                                              algren
                           and straight into them we went...

on sutter's hill :

carnage. union and confederate soldiers slam together, falling, drowning in mud
and blood, stepped on by panicked hones.

algren wields his saber in one hand and his revolver in the other, serving
death on all sides.


a soldier riding next to davey is shot. a horse falls into a shellhole.

back to the convention hall:

                                              algren
                           "hip-hip hurray" we shouted, for we
                           had spirit in us yet--

more flashes:

algren slices right and left with his saber. he is a truly gifted swordsman.

a tree branch knocks davey from his horse. he sits, dazed, on the ground.
algren kills a rebel soldier just as be is about to fire on him.

single-handedly, be rallies his men, screaming orders, then lifts his wounded
brother onto the saddle beside him.

he leads them downhill toward safel y, davey clinging to him for dear life.

back to the convention hall:

                                             algren
                           before they knew what hit them, we had broken
                           through into the rear of the rebel army.

on sutter's hill:

algren and his men gather in a copse of trees. they are giddy with the exhilaration
of having survived.

                                             davey
                           we did it, bro', we did it! whoeeeee!!

algren's smile is shortlived, though.

                                                                                   5.

suddenly, the woods erupt with gunfire. trees are shredded.


algren's men are literally cut to pieces-

davey is riddled with bullets, his dead body shielding algren from harm until
he slides, lifeless, to the mud.

                                                algren
                            davey---!!!!

men and horses are torn apart -- they contort and writhe in agony ­ jerking
grotesquely as the bullets rip into them. algren frantica1ly tries to locate the
source of this firepower. then he sees:

a gatling gun.

six barrels glisten like steel teeth. this early machine gun is the pinnacle of
current military might -- 60 rounds a second -- a triumph in engineering.

                                        algren
                            ahhhhhhh--!!!!!

with insane courage, he wheels and charges the gun.

bullets rip into horse and rider alike. algren falls, lifeless, into the mud.

back to the convention hall:

                                             algren
                            and the 23rd rode on to glory.

applause.

at the back of the hall three elegantly dressed japanese men watch
algren's performance. they wear western frock coats and top hats

                                               algren
                            now let me: tell you, gentlemen, if there's one
                            thing on earth i could have had with me on that
                            glorious day, it would have been this beauty...

algren holds up a winchester repeating rifle.

at the back of the audience we note someone else watching algren.
sergeant zebulon gant, whom we last saw on sutter's hill.

                                               algren
                            the winchester model '73 lever-action rifle.
                            15 shot capacity, one round-per-second,
                            accurate at 400 yards. you'll note the
                            patented loading port just beneath the
                            cartridge chamber and the smooth
                            cocking action. ...lets' just see here--

                                                                                          6.

he peers into the ejection port as he cocks the weapon and sights out over the
crowd.

ka-boom!!! the report echoes among the screams of the ladies. dust and
glass fall from a rear chandelier.

                                            algren
                           smooth trigger action, too.

audience-members murmur nervousl y.

                                             algren
                           this is, gentlemen, the gun that is winning the
                           west... step on up and take a look. mr. mccabe is
                           here to answer any question and take orders. i thank
                           you.

later...


a winchester representative is handing algren an envelope.

                                            winchester rep
                           what the hell was that?

                                              algren
                           got their attention, didn't i?

                                            winchester rep
                           boston in three weeks. and sober this time.

he goes. algren immediately starts counting the cash.

