ext.          imperial court -- throne room                      day

algren and gant are surprised to discover the living god is barely in his
twenties. the divine emperor meiji is an intelligent and curious young man,
yet there is a tentativeness about him.

his throne is surrounded by advisors, principal among them is omura.
nearby, the american ambassador swanbeck a cagey diplomat

the throne room itself is sweeping, beautiful, and extremely restrained. everywhere,
tasteful displays of the traditional flower of the monarchy: chrysanthemums.
the vibrant yellow bl ossoms haunt the chamber.

as the emperor considers his guests, omura whispers into his ear. then:

                                              omura
                          the emperor bids you welcome. he wishes you
                          to know that he is most grateful for the assistance
                          your country offers ours, in order to rid ourselves
                          of the brutality of the provincial warlords - and
                          to accomplish the same national harmony which
                          you enjoy in your homeland.

the emperor speaks in japanese. the advisors are non-plussed, and omura leans down
for a moment to confer with him, then smiles indulgently:

                                           omura
                          the emperor is most interested in your american
                          indians, and wishes to know if you have seen
                          them firsthand.

algren looks at graham, who nods. he may speak.

                                                                                   19.
                                             algren
                           i have seen many of them, and have fought them,
                           too. they are very brave.

graham translates. the emperor nods and smiles.

                                              emperor
                                    (accented english)
                           thank... you... very ...much.

he stands. everyone else hurries to follow suit. the audience is over.


