ext.             katsumoto's house -- porch                  later that night
the quiet evening continues.

algren, now dressed in the kimono, finds katsumoto carefully dropping little
leaves of incense into a small flame that simmers inside his battle helmet.

                                               katsumoto
                            so m y hair will have a pleasing scent when i
                            meet my ancestors ... (dry) ... you do not do this ?

algren smiles, sits.
                                                 algren
                            i studied war at a place called west point. they
                            taught us about a battle called thermopylae.
                            three hundred brave warriors held off the king
                            of persia's army of a million men. for two da ys
                            they made them pay so dearly that the king lost
                            all appetite for further invasion
                                       (looks at him)
                            ... i have some thoughts about the battle tomorrow.

                                              katsumoto
                                    (bemused)
                            do you really think we can defeat them?

                                                                                         105.

                                               algren
                            i sure as hell want to find out.

                                            katsumoto
                            you believe a man can change his destiny?

                                              algren
                            no ... but i think a man cannot know his destiny.
                            he can only do what he can, until his destiny is
                            revealed.

a si1ent beat.

then katsumoto picks up a long bundle wrapped in cloth. he unwraps it.
a beautilu1 long samurai sword.

he bows his head and offers it to algren.

there are japanese characters etched on the blade.

                                                algren
                            what does it say?

                                              katsumoto
                            "i belong to the warrior in whom the old ways
                            have joined the new."

algren is moved beyond words. he bows.

as the camera pulls away, algren and katsumoto squat side by side,
drawing in the dirt with a stick, planning the next day's battle strategy.

across the square, ujio continues his elegant dance of death, his graceful
form illuminated in silhouette by a fire.

