ext.                tokyo ­ street                           evening

tokyo is a city in chaos. everything seems out of balance. dystopic. a
collision of eastern and western. algren and gant watch as graham prepares
to take a photograph of an old merchant in front of his store.

                                                graham
                           ... i've been doing this for years. trying to capture
                           it before it's all gone. afraid i'm losing the battle.

algren silently watches the passers-by. something draws his attention:

across the street. a man is striding down the crowded sidewalk. his martial
bearings, two swords, traditional dress and unique top knot of hair instantly
identify him to us as a samurai.                                       .

we will meet him again later, he is ujio. a terse, grim man in his 40's. his
proud gait and rigid, imperious manner intrigue algren.

                                                                                                        22.
most of the people on the sidewalk instantly step out of the wa y, bowing in deference. but two young
japanese in western dress do not.

ujio stands before them, waiting for them to move. they don't.
tense words are exchanged. ujio glares at them. algren watches.

                                              algren
                           mr. graham...

                                             graham
                           ah... now this should be interesting... he's
                           waiting for them to show deference.

across the street, uji o barks out some harsh commands to the two
japanese men. they laugh in response. then one of the men raises a hand
and barks some clearly disrespectful words back--

like lightning-- ujio pulls out his long samurai sword - it flashes --

cleanly beheading the disrespectful japanese man --


the beheaded corpse begins to fall--

in one smooth motion, ujio wipes his blade clean of the corpse as it falls
and sweeps it back into its scabbard. the other man immediately drops to
his belly, prostrating himself.

without another glance, ujio walks awa y. his face is completely impassive.

                                            gant
                           what the hell was that?

                                              graham
                            that...is a samurai.

