	int. house - night

	a little girl, pulling at a figure in a rocking chair.

				claudia
		mama, please wake up. mama, i'm
		frightened, please wake up.

	as louis enters, he sees the woman is dead. her eyes
	are being eaten away by rats.

	louis gasps in horror. claudia turns. she is a radiant
	doll or angel as she stretches out her hand to louis.

				claudia
		monsieur, please help us. papa's
		waiting for us at the ship. please
		wake mama, monsieur.

	she runs to him. instinctively, he gathers her in his
	arms. he looks down pitying on her beautiful face.

				louis (v.o.)
		and if i am damned, why do i fell
		such pity for her gaunt face? why
		do i wish to warm her tiny arms?
		comfort her beating heart?

	she snuggles into him, suddenly utterly secure. she
	tugs at his hair, brings his head down towards her. and
	we see louis shiver, as his lips go to her neck.

	her breathing becomes calm as she goes into the swoon.
	gradually another sound replaces it.

	lestat's laughter, growing louder and louder.

	suddenly louis backs away, caught red-handed, the child
	in his arms. he sees lestat slapping his knee and
	laughing in the doorway.

				lestat
		ah, my philosopher, my martyr.
		"never take a human life". well you
		must admit it is funny. or is it
		merely touching? i'm not sure.

	louis stares at the unconscious claudia in horror, then
	lets her slip gently into a chair. shamefully he wipes
	his mouth, sees the tiny wounds on her throat.

	lestat snatches up the dead mother from the chair and
	begins to dance with her in great circles, humming and
	talking. her head falls back. black water flows from
	her mouth.

				lestat
		let's make some party of it, shall
		we? maybe there's some life in the
		old lady yet?

	louis flees into the street.

				lestat
		come back, louis, you are what you
		are. the plague would have got her
		within hours anyway. merciful death
		how you love your precious guilt.


