	int. foot of stairway

	armand leading, louis and claudia following. it opens
	into a -


	huge underground ballroom

	walls are painted with famous copies of durer,
	brueghel, goya and bosch depictions of death. fine
	wooden coffins line the walls. candles burn in sconces,
	casting alternate shadows and pools of light. armand
	walks through, gesturing louis and claudia to follow
	him.

	as they walk through, vampire man and women appear out
	of the shadows like wraiths, startling them, drifting
	around them, stroking them, touching claudia as if she
	were a doll. shrieks of preternatural laughter.

	armand gestures to the vampires to back off.

	all obey but estelle.

				estelle
		such a darling.

	she menaces claudia, her breasts enormous, her fangs
	bared. armand throw her a look, and she is flung
	against the wall.

	louis stares around. the vampires faces drift towards
	him and away, always disclosing the face of armand, who
	seems some distance away, but strangely close, staring
	at louis with a constantly calm, hypnotic gaze. then a
	young mortal boy comes from the shadows with a
	candelabra, which he hands to armand.

	armand and the boy come towards them, leading them
	along the walls, his candelabra illuminating the
	ghastly murals, his face gleaming like an angel above
	the candleflame.

				louis
		monstrous.

				armand
		yes, and very beautiful.

				louis
		your lips, they didn't move.

				armand
		they did, but too fast for you to
		see them. no magic, just grace and
		speed.

	the boy is watching louis. armand's hand beckons and
	the boy draws up to louis in the candlelight. he places
	his arms on louis' shoulders. louis glances at armand,
	who smiles. louis sees the puncture marks on the boy's
	neck.

				armand
		he wants you...

	louis is utterly confused. can't resist. drinks his
	blood.

	the boy's body presses against him, sensual, willing.
	the other vampires appear all around louis, who
	suddenly senses it and draws away, ashamed.

	claudia watches warily, from a distance. armand beckons
	at her and louis and open a door in the wall which
	reveals a stone staircase.


