	int. flat - night

	sturdy mulatto workmen lifting cases and trunks out of
	the apartment. all the furniture is covered in white
	sheets. claudia dressed in a cap and hat, is playing
	the piano by the light of one remaining oil-lamp.

	louis comes from her room with the cage of canaries.

				louis
		the birds. we forgot about the
		birds. there's nothing for it but
		to let them go.

	he opens the cage, and the canaries fly around the
	room.

	there is a knocking on the door. claudia falters.

				claudia
		what was that?

				louis
		the workmen must have a trunk -
		don't stop, cherie -

	he goes downstairs. claudia plays a moment, then stops,
	perturbed. she goes to the window. then sees something
	out there that makes her face go white. she screams.

				claudia
		louis!!!


	the stairway

	louis walking to the door. the knocking gets louder.


	the parlour

	claudia runs for the stairs, after louis.


	the hallway

	louis reaches the door. the knocking gets louder. he
	opens the door as -


	claudia

	reaches the stairs. she screams -

				claudia
		don't louis -

	but louis has opened the door. nothing there. he looks
	back at claudia, puzzled, then at the door again when,
	swooping into his vision comes the nightmare image of -


	lestat

	in filthy swamp-soaked rags, robust again, but his
	flesh shriveled, covered in scars, his eyes riddled,
	bloodshot. he roars.

				lestat
		where is she? where is that
		accursed child?

	louis throws his body against the door, slamming it on
	lestat's reaching hand. the hand withdraws, as lestat
	roars. louis bolts the door.

	louis runs up the stairs, sweeps claudia in his arms,
	watching appalled as the door shudders with the force
	of lestat's body.


	in the parlour

	louis runs through with claudia in his arms.

				louis
		it can't be -

				claudia
		it is! take the back stairwell -

	suddenly lestat crashes through the casement window,
	scattering blood everywhere, reefing himself on the
	shattered glass. he tumbles to the floor and gets
	unsteadily to his feet.

				lestat
		give me her louis!!

	louis throws claudia behind him and hurls himself on
	lestat, who fights like a ravening animal, bits of his
	broken body coming off in the process. then with a
	terrifying effort, lestat hurls louis off, goes for
	claudia, who grabs the poker from the fireplace,
	scatters burning coals over him. he falls back, then
	comes at her again, as the drapes catch fire. louis
	grabs the lamp.

				louis
		stay back - for the love of god...
		or i'll burn you alive...

	lestat lunges again at claudia.

	louis hurls the lamp, which explodes him in flame.

	lestat screams in agony, whirls around the room, then
	comes on claudia again. she hurls another lamp.

	louis throws the flaming sheets around him, wrapping
	him further in fire. lestat falls to his knees,
	choking, hands up over his face in the smoke. the whole
	parlor is afire. louis gathers up claudia, smothering
	the burning house, carries her down the back stairs,
	through the carriage way and through the gathering
	crowds of mortals into the street.


