     int. wigand's house - deborah's bedroom - day

     and a little girl, eight, sitting on the floor in a ballet
     leotard, her head back, wheezing, her neck muscles
     contracting and bulging, her face pale, lips white, and her
     eyes filled with fear as rapid, shallow breathing induces a
     sense of suffocation.  deborah wigand is having a severe
     asthmatic attack...

                         wigand
               sweetheart, c'mon.  c'mon.

                         barbara
               she was playing with my pooh doll
               again...

     jeffrey sits her on the side of her bed next to which is a
     nebulizer, an air compressor to deliver medication via a tube
     into a circular mouthpiece.

     the compressor whirs.  deborah breathes in the medication.
     jeffrey brushes the hair back from her face and wipes
     perspiration from her forehead as...

                         wigand
               slow down.  slow down.  slow down.
               breathe deep.  breathe deep.  slow down,
               honey.  slow down.  slow down.

     liane rushes in with rolled-up towels, kneels in front of
     deborah, smiling to mask anxiety, and goes into the bathroom
     with the towels and turns on full blast the bathtub's hot
     water.  we don't know why yet...

     deborah's chest heaves.  she's scared.  jeffrey gets in front
     of her and talks to her to arrest her attention.

                         wigand (cont'd)
               here we go.  deep breaths, deep breaths.

                         barbara
               she was playing with the pooh doll.

                         wigand
               pooh's dusty, sweetheart...he's dusty,
               and you breathed him in, okay?  so what's
               - what's happening to you now is... cells
               called mast cells told your lungs "don't
               breathe any more of that dust in."
                   (beat)
               ...and the airways in your lungs are like
               branches.  and when the branches close
               up, you get an asthmatic attack.  and, we
               give you medicine, and you get better.
               huh?  okay?  you're better already,
               aren't you?

     and the medication's taking effect and she's calmer.

     liane, hands clutched in her lap, smiles at deborah.  now she
     takes deborah's hand and exchanges a look with jeffrey.
     jeffrey's a good father, a natural caregiver.

                         wigand (cont'd)
               okay, baby?

