ext. downtown - night

a full on riot in progress. college students, city dwellers
going crazy. cars are burning, people are out of control.
escaped convicts are running in and out of stores looting
right alongside ordinary citizens.
the kowolski brothers and momma kowolski are helpless against
the onslaught as pillagers run out of the bakery carrying
cakes, pies, bread - whatever they can get their hands on.
bruce stumbles through the mayhem, confused.
                    bruce
          what's going on?
                    college kids
          partying, man. wooooll!!     sabers i!
they continue to trash the area.
                    bruce
          but your team wonl
cars are being rolled over. a lone police officer protects
himself with his shield as he's pelted with various debris.
the officer pulls bruce down behind a car.
                       police office
          stay down.

                     bruce
          where are the other officers?

                       police office
          what other    officers? half the
          force just    retired. said their
          "ship came    in." you better get
          home pal. i   t's dangerous out here.
the officer heads out. bruce stands, then quickly ducks, as
a bottle is tossed through a window that has a lotto sticker
on it.

                                                          106.



                     riote r
           the lottery sucks!    i only won 17
           bucks i
back to scene

bruce looks up at a burning building with a flaming "mr.
exclusive" billboard above - it comes crashing down. bruce
looks out over the rioters.
on bruce

we see the anger build in his face, like moses looking down
on the israelites. he raises his arms. dark clouds swirl in
the sky. wind blows. lightening cracks.

                     bruce
           hear, o' buffalo, you have awakened
           my wrath. vengeance is mine!
a bolt of lightening shoots right into the middle of the
rioters, scattering them. people flee in every direction as
thunder crashes and lightning bolts continue to strike.
bruce stands alone in the street, surveys the smoldering
mayhem, then reaches into his pocket and pulls out the key
god gave him. he grips it tightly and...
