ext.  palace gardens - day

among the guests are raoul and michelle, a stunningly
beautiful young woman.  michelle is awed by the richness all
around them, while raoul sees only her.  he holds the ring.

                     michelle
          isn't it glorious!

                     raoul
          michelle...

but just as he starts to speak, trumpets blast and the king
steps through the doors and out into the lavish gardens; the
party goers give him a rousing ovation.  raoul returns the
ring to his jacket, to wait for another moment.

everyone watches the king, who begins guzzling wine and
telling jokes to his sycophants, who howl at the king's
witticisms.  then louis catches sight of raoul and michelle,
and lowers his voice, to his friends...

                     louis
          who is that?

                     friend 1
          raoul, son of athos.

                     louis
          not the soldier, you idiot!

                     friend 2
          her name is michelle.

the king is transfixed.

d'artagnan

is presiding over a huddle of fresh faced young musketeers,
directing them to their positions around the gardens, like
secret service agents protecting a president.  he leaves
them, and quickly moves to the king.

                     d'artagnan
          your majesty...

                     louis
          what is it, d'artagnan?  assassins
          falling from the sky now?

the sycophants laugh loudly.

                     d'artagnan
          the plans for use of the maze were
          not disclosed to me.

                     louis
          i decided it this morning.

                     d'artagnan
          then you must allow me to stay close
          to you so that --

                     louis
          i am king, d'artagnan.  i will
          change my mind as i wish, and i will
          enjoy my banquet as i wish!

                     d'artagnan
          but i deployed the royal guards
          according to your previous --

                     louis
          let us play a game, d'artagnan, let
          us pretend i am king and you are
          captain of my musketeers.  let us
          behave as if my wish is law.  and my
          wish is to enjoy this party!

d'artagnan bows sharply as the young sycophants chuckle.
d'artagnan retreats, then looks back to louis and follows his
gaze to the tender young beauty who caught his eye.
d'artagnan recognizes raoul, son of his friend athos.

raoul and michelle

as the guests mix and mingle, raoul tries again.

                     raoul
          michelle, i... ever since i returned
          i've been wanting to speak with you
          about... about --

a gaunt servant interrupts, presenting a tray of delicacies.

                     servant
          monsieur, mademoiselle...?

                     raoul
          no!  thank you -- michelle, i --

they are interrupted by the squeal of a piglet, squirming in
the hands of the king's dwarf, who holds the fat little
animal above his head and runs among the startled guests.

                     louis
          it pleases us to announce an
          entertainment for our guests!  a
          contest of agility and cunning!

he takes the pig from his dwarf; the pig is clean and
perfumed, a colorful fake horn tied onto its head.

                     louis
          behold our unicorn!  whichever of
          our guests captures the unicorn
          shall win its treasure!

with this announcement the king produces a diamond the size
of a pecan, suspended from a ribbon; the guests gasp at its
richness.  the king ties the diamond around the pig's neck.

raoul and michelle

michelle is amazed at this.

                     michelle
          i have never seen a diamond so
          large!

it almost makes raoul ashamed of the modest ring hidden in
his hand.

                     louis
          into the maze!  all of you!
          disperse, i command you!

the dwarf releases the pig, poking him through a tiny break
in the hedge; the critter skitters as only a pig can, eluding
the first laughing lunges of the guests.

the pig chase is a merry melee, as the maze becomes a tangle
of confusion.  louis climbs to a platform above the top of
the ten foot hedge that forms the maze.  from his perch he
looks down on all the action, and calls encouragement.

                     louis
          are you men or mice?!

michelle squeals as the pig scurries by and raoul dives for
it.  he almost has the pig... then it kicks free.

                     raoul
          the pendant will be yours!

with that he races after the pig.

michelle tries to follow, this way, that way, through the
maze.  then she stops, face to face with the king, entering
through a gate hidden in one of the maze's dead corners.

                     louis
          michelle, isn't it?

speechless, she nods.

                     louis
          i would have said it was impossible,
          but i believe the excitement of the
          chase has made you even more
          beautiful.

                     michelle
          sire, i --

                     louis
          you blush!  you do not wish to be
          beautiful to your king?

her eyes go still; she understands what is happening.

from behind the gate, we see d'artagnan, watching as louis
tries to seduce the young woman.  even as d'artagnan watches,
the pig comes rooting through the hedge; with a deft movement
d'artagnan catches the animal's leg and lifts it with the
sureness of the farm boy he once was.  the pig is quiet and
comfortable in d'artagnan's hands.

d'artagnan watches as the king approaches michelle, and she
allows him to touch her cheek.  the king leans to kiss her...
michelle does not move...

whheeekkkk!  the pig sails over the gate and hits the ground
running, right at louis' feet; it sets him dancing.

the spell of the king's royal attention is shattered; as the
pig scrambles away, michelle backs away.

                     louis
          wait!  michelle, i --

too late, he sees the shadow of the man looming above him,
leaping down onto him from the observation platform.  it is
the servant who offered the tray to raoul and michelle; he
has armed himself with a knife from the carving table, and is
diving now to plunge the blade into the king's throat.

the king is helpless, frozen.  the assassin leaps, falling
toward the king... and is impaled on the sword of d'artagnan,
springing through the gate to save his king.

michelle screams, the king gasps, and the assassin drops,
mortally wounded.  they stare down at him now; the would-be
assassin gurgles words through his agony...

                     assassin
          feed... your... people.

party guests, having heard michelle scream, are running in to
find them.  michelle rushes off, to find raoul; several
people are coming up.

                     assassin
          your people starve...!  feed --

the king snatches out his own dagger and imperiously cuts the
throat of the dying man, to stop these offensive words.  the
king looks at his stunned subjects.

                     louis
          a pitiful madman, nothing more.
          come, let us continue our chase!
          where is our unicorn?

the king prances away.  it takes the guests a moment, but
they know that only gaiety will please their king, and off
they go again, laughing as if nothing happened.

d'artagnan stands still as the young musketeers under his
command come rushing up with swords drawn.

                     young musketeer
          captain!

seeing the dead assassin, their eyes fill with admiration.

                     young musketeer
          you are the best --

d'artagnan can't even listen; with a last glance at the king
he turns quickly and walks away.

