ext.  paris backstreets - night

they walk through the murky darkness of paris' backstreets.

                     porthos
          it is good to be out on a mission
          again... we are out on a mission,
          aren't we?

aramis grunts non-committally, lost in thought.

                     porthos
          you're right.  tell porthos nothing.
          he needs to know nothing, for he is
          useless.

just as he says this a sinister form steps from the shadows
and blocks their way.  he holds a knife.  another robber with
a sword rises from a doorway beside them.

                     robber
          your money or your life.

aramis looks bored; porthos stands blinking in surprise.
then a third robber steps up behind them, cocking a pistol.

                     third robber
          make it quick, old man!

                     porthos
          old?  old?!  you're all trying to
          rob us because you think we're old?

the man with a sword steps forward to hack porthos down, but
porthos spins, slapping the pistol, making it boom but miss;
he kicks the swordsman in the groin, then smashes his head
against the alley wall; he backhands the gunman.  the robber
with the knife tries to run; porthos snatches a barrel from
the street and hurls it into the fleeing robber's back; he
falls in a heap.

porthos' fury has just begun.  he picks the fallen gunman up
by the throat, slams him stomach down across a broken alley
cart, and with one sweep of his mighty hand porthos snatches
down the man's pants.

                     porthos
          old?!  i'll show you old!!

porthos snatches the pistol from the cobblestones.  we see
the shock and terror on the robber's face as he feels
something shocking happen behind him.

                     porthos
          let's see you rob somebody with your
          pistol there!

                     aramis
          come on...

aramis, acting as if nothing happened, leads porthos away.

                     porthos
          i have to tell you something.  i
          love paris!

aramis has found what he's looking for:  a filthy brothel.

                     aramis
          here we are.

aramis leads porthos inside.

