int.  passages to river - night

aramis, athos and porthos -- carrying louis -- descend the
secret passages to the foundations of the palace, into a
drainage channel leading to the river.

they have stashed a boat there; they plop louis into it and
climb in themselves.  they row toward the archway that is the
exit to the river; the moonlit waters of the seine glow
outside, like a beacon of safe escape.

but the steel grate of the archway slams down just before
they reach it, and blades point at them from every angle of
the darkness.  a shielded lantern rises and its wick is
turned up, revealing

d'artagnan

he stands with a small contingent of young musketeers.  his
eyes are intense, his face in agony.

                     d'artagnan
          my friends.

the only one they can see it d'artagnan.  they all look at
each other, in the small circle of light from the lantern.

                     d'artagnan
          only we four, the most trusted
          musketeers, knew about the passages,
          meant to keep the king safe... your
          majesty...

phillippe steps out of the darkness; his eyes are full of
shame and failure as he looks at athos, but still he holds
on, trying to maintain the charade that he is louis.

                     phillippe
          yes...?  why do you bring me here,
          d'artagnan?

                     porthos
          the king!  look!  it's the king!

he means phillippe.

                     d'artagnan
          then who is that lying beside you?

porthos turns and looks at louis -- then reacts as if he's
totally surprised at the presence of this man tied up and
gagged beside him.

                     porthos
          wh-- ?  where did he come from?

athos grabs d'artagnan's arm.

                     athos
          if you ever loved me -- if you ever
          loved honor, or anything else --
          then stand now, and let it happen.

                     d'artagnan
          i cannot, athos.  dearly as i love
          you, i cannot.

d'artagnan takes his dagger and cuts the ropes that bind
louis' hands, and the gag that has kept him from talking.
aramis suddenly backhands louis, knocking him flat on his
back in the boat, and pointing to him -- louis.

                     aramis
          this man is an impostor.  we caught
          him trying to impersonate the king,
          and were just getting rid of him.

louis struggles upright.

                     louis
          d'artagnan, arrest them all!

                     aramis
          shut up, knave!

aramis slaps louis again, and pleads with his eyes that
d'artagnan accept their ruse.  d'artagnan is dying inside.

                     d'artagnan
          before i came here, i insisted the
          king come with me.  the real louis
          would never have let me insist.

seeing they are about to be arrested, the old musketeers in
the boat spring into action against their younger
counterparts.  athos swats one swordsman with an oar; porthos
seizes the guard who has grabbed a hold of the boat and
flings the man back into two of his comrades; aramis grabs
louis by the hair and puts his dagger to his throat.

                     aramis
          pull them back, d'artagnan.

                     d'artagnan
          you can't do it.

                     aramis
          pull them back!

                     d'artagnan
          everyone back.

                     aramis
          phillippe, get into the boat.  into
          the boat!  now!

phillippe obeys.

                     aramis
          open the gate.

d'artagnan nods to his men, and they open the iron gate
leading out to the river.

the boat makes for the opening.  just as it is about to reach
it, louis forces aramis' hand.

                     louis
          you will not shed royal blood!

he kicks at the boat and struggles to stand, making the boat
tip wildly and throwing everyone in it all around.  aramis
draws the dagger away from louis' throat to keep from killing
him, and d'artagnan makes a grab at louis and drags him onto
the stone floor of the channel.

the boat is almost through the opening -- and louis snatches
at his brother, phillippe.

the current outside the gate is rushing by, and the boat is
already caught in the current; it's pulling away and the
musketeers can't stop it.  athos seizes phillippe's legs and
tries to hold him, but the pressure of the current is great,
and now not only louis but some of the young musketeers are
helping hold phillippe.

phillippe's legs slip out of athos' grasp, and the boat
flashes downriver...

aramis, porthos and athos have escaped... but phillippe is
captured, looking into the hate-filled eyes of his twin
brother louis.

