int.  palace ballroom - night

a magnificent masquerade ball is in full swirl; the dazzling
light of chandeliers bounces off the gilt ceiling and
sparkles on the jewels of swirling dancers, their numbers
multiplied in the polished mirrors that line the walls.

the king is dancing and laughing with sexy young ladies.
d'artagnan stands to the side of the ballroom, ever watchful,
ever remote.

as the dancers swirl, each one wearing a distinctive mask in
the garish style favored by the french nobility of the
1600's, we see one particular couple -- a large man, with an
excessively large woman.  they are dancing vigorously, and as
they take a break behind a huge pillar, they lift their masks
enough for us to see that the man is aramis, and the "woman"
is porthos.

from the folds of their elaborate costumes they both withdraw
replicas of the iron mask that phillippe once wore.

                     porthos
          d'artagnan watches everything.  we
          have to be lucky.

                     aramis
          we will make our own luck tonight...
          if phillippe holds up.

aramis peers across the ballroom, to where athos and
phillippe mix among the revelers, using thin sticks to hold
broad masks to their faces.  behind the masks we see their
eyes -- athos' intense, phillippe's nervous and darting.

                     athos
          stay calm, you're doing fine.

then phillippe's eyes go strangely still; he sees, for the
first time in his life, his twin brother, the king.

                     phillippe
          my brother...

louis dances the minuet, prancing as if he is the center of
the universe; but this bliss is broken when one of the
dancers who swirls by him -- it is aramis -- lifts the
baroque outer mask he's wearing and reveals an iron mask
beneath.

the king staggers, stopping.  the sight stuns him, confuses
him; he looks around but the wearer of the mask has
disappeared among the weaving patterns of dancers.  louis'
hands dart to his eyes:  are they playing tricks on him?

seeing his reaction, phillippe whispers --

                     phillippe
          he knew.  he knew what they did to
          me.

the young beauty dancing with louis notices him falter.

                     young beauty
          what is wrong, your majesty?

                     louis
          nothing, i -- continue.

louis rejoins the dancing... and then sees, on the balcony
above him, a different person -- a huge "woman," porthos --
who lifts off an outer mask to reveal an iron mask below.

                     louis
          there!  do you see it?

                     young beauty
          see what, majesty?

porthos has slipped away from the railing when the king looks
back up; the young beauty sees nothing, and turns back to the
king with a look that questions his sanity.

d'artagnan notices the king's reaction -- though he did not
see the glimpse of the iron mask -- and is just as baffled as
everyone else when the king turns and staggers away.

                     d'artagnan
          your majesty...?

                     louis
          ... tired.  must... lie down.

the music splatters to an awkward stop; louis hurries out,
leaving his partner abandoned in the center of the ballroom,
with everyone staring as if she just ruined the party.

                     d'artagnan
          carry on, everyone...

the music begins again, and the party goers, not knowing what
else to do, politely continue.

athos draws phillippe away from the ballroom, into a side
corridor.

at the foot of the stairs to the balcony

porthos waddles down stairs, and meets aramis.

                     aramis
          quick, to the passages.

they hurry in the same direction athos and phillippe went.

