int.  ballroom - night

phillippe enters the ballroom, and the reappearance of the
"king" draws new attention.  everyone in the dazzling
ballroom seems to stop and look straight at phillippe.

phillippe freezes.  stares, everywhere, stares!  for what
seems an eternity, he can't move.

but then he raises his hand and says --

                     phillippe
          continue.

as if by magic the music plays, the dancing resumes.
phillippe moves to the throne and takes his place upon it.
he seems to have made it; people glance -- dancing ladies,
young musketeers, old advisors -- but no one gives him a
second look.  for a moment, phillippe feels safe.

and then he sees michelle, her eyes glassy and riveted upon
him.  she wears her most beautiful gown -- the first one
louis gave her -- but one shoulder strap dangles sloppily.
her lips and cheeks are awkwardly rouged, her hair is mussed;
she is drunk.  she weaves her way to him and curtsies
elaborately.

                     michelle
          my gracious noble lord...

phillippe's heart is pounding; he looks around for help.  he
can only guess who this woman is.  the advisors have now
noticed her; claude quickly dispatches orders to keep the
party going along, and waves guards over.

                     phillippe
          how are you... michelle?

she doesn't react, so he must have guessed right; but
phillippe knows nothing of what happened just before the
ball, and he's ambushed by her anger.

                     michelle
          how should i be?  i came to give
          this back to you.

she starts tearing off her dress.  claude and the guards
reach her; the young musketeers grabbing her.

                     claude
          fret not with this, your majesty --

but michelle fights, slapping, clawing -- and when one of the
young musketeers grabs her from behind, his arm to her
throat, phillippe jumps up.

                     phillippe
          stop!  you're hurting her!

phillippe's face shows something louis' never did:
compassion.  he looks into michelle's eyes.

                     phillippe
          however i have wronged you i will
          make amends.  whatever the cost.

phillippe could not have said anything more unlike louis;
everyone who heard the remark -- claude, the guards, and
especially michelle -- stare at him in frozen amazement.

phillippe realizes his blunder; they've caught him.

the music stops.  but the attention is not directed at the
throne; all eyes shift to the main doorway, where anne has
appeared.  she is indescribably beautiful; she wears a bright
gown, her hair is brushed and bejeweled, she radiates the
light of a woman who felt old at thirty and who has
discovered, at forty, that she is more stunning than ever.

her arrival draws even more attention than the reappearance
of the king; everyone watches transfixed as she approaches.
phillippe sees her -- his mother.  he stands on legs that
seem to have no bones.  his mother.

she moves to him, her eyes filling with tears.  when she is
almost to the throne, phillippe falls to his knees before her
and kisses her hand.

no one can believe it, not from this king.  yet the moment
strikes them as beautiful, and they applaud happily.

phillippe and the queen mother rise, and guide each other --
depending on each other for support, to a seat, he on the
throne, she on a seat the servants place beside him.

phillippe gives a wave.

                     phillippe
          continue.

the ball continues, the music exuberant.  michelle wanders
away, like a blind lamb.  phillippe and his mother sit side
by side, holding hands, their reunion passing in private
between their clasped hands, and glistening in their eyes.

