ext.  paris streets - day

magnificent public buildings -- palaces and cathedrals --
grace the city's skyline, but here in central paris all is
squalor.  on a narrow, filthy street, beggars bother the
sullen city peasants who are weak with hunger themselves.

but interest perks up when two soldiers drive up in a wagon,
and one of them, lieutenant andre, announces --

                     lieutenant
          here is food, the gift of your
          loving king, on his birthday!  he
          gives to himself by giving to you,
          in that he loves you so much!

slowly at first the paupers stand and shuffle forward.  as
the soldiers begin handing out foodstuffs -- bread, cabbages,
tomatoes, eggs -- those nearest the wagon begin to jostle
each other, and a large crowd gathers quickly.

                     lieutenant
          no need to fight, there is plenty
          for all!

it's looking like a holiday celebration... until a ruffian
breaks open a loaf of bread, and wrinkles his nose.

                     ruffian
          this stuff stinks.  it is rotting!
          the king gives us rotten food!

he hurls the moldy bread back at the soldiers.  other paupers
sniff the food, and its stink set off an explosion of anger:
they throw food at the soldiers... then a paving stone
crashes through a shop window, and suddenly it's a riot, with
the mob overwhelming the soldiers and dragging them down the
streets in the direction of the palace.

d'artagnan, riding toward the palace himself, turns a corner
and sees the mob coming.  and they see him:  the elegant,
dashing musketeer on the prancing stallion.

and at that moment, two more soldiers race out of a side
street, fleeing a similar mob, coming from another direction.
d'artagnan understands everything at a glance; the second
pair of fleeing soldiers reach him in panic.

                     panicked soldier
          back, toward the palace!  we cannot
          hold them off!  we will fire a
          volley into them!

                     d'artagnan
          no!  run to the palace and close the
          gates.  but do not fire!

the two new soldiers race away; d'artagnan waits calmly on
his horse, as the mobs from both directions converge on him.

the mob, seeing the dashing musketeer wait so confidently for
them, slow up; but the ruffian urges them on.

                     ruffian
          come on!  to the palace!

d'artagnan sits calmly in their way.  he doesn't even draw
his sword, though members of the mob grab the reins of his
horse.  some of the mob recognize him, and murmur...

                     mob
          it's d'artagnan!  le generale de
          musketeers!

the mob hesitates -- for the name d'artagnan means heroism
and patriotism to all of them.

                     ruffian
          one musketeer can't stop us!

                     d'artagnan
          stop you?  you are frenchmen, are
          you not?  i am one of you.

                     ruffian
          the king is a frenchman, but he is
          not one of us!

                     d'artagnan
          citizens of paris!  give ear to me!

                     ruffian
          we'll give you their ears!

with that he draws a dagger from his filthy shirt and puts it
to the ear of the young lieutenant who is already bloody from
being dragged through the street.

                     d'artagnan
          wait -- and listen!  i beg you!

                     rioter
          they give us garbage, not fit for
          rats!  they think we are garbage!

with that one of the rioters hurls a moldy beet at
d'artagnan, who draws his sword in a slick liquid movement,
he cuts the vegetable from the air.

the display of expertise is startling.  someone else throws a
head of lettuce; d'artagnan slices it in half, and as the
pieces fly he skewers one with the point of his sword.

                     d'artagnan
          i'm on my way to a salad!  doesn't
          anybody have any endive?

the mob laughs at this panache, and the amazing display of
swordsmanship that lies behind it.  someone tosses more
lettuce, and d'artagnan divides and skewers this one as well.
this time the crowd applauds.

                     d'artagnan
          a tomato?

can he do it?  someone fires a tomato right at his head, and
sure enough d'artagnan spears it.  then, with a victorious
flourish, he takes a bite of it.  his face contorts with the
taste, and he spits the pieces out; the crowd is hushed.

                     d'artagnan
          you are right.  it is rotten.  i
          will speak to the king myself.  you
          have my word.

the mob is completely won over by d'artagnan; the ruffian,
angry that his riot is fizzling, raises his knife again over
the soldiers, but now the point of d'artagnan's sword flicks
to the ruffian's neck.

                     d'artagnan
          and you will release those men --
          for they serve france... and you.

                     rioters
          three cheers for d'artagnan!
          hurrah...!!  hurrah...!!

the soldiers who moments before were about to be ripped apart
now stand and look at d'artagnan in gratitude and awe.  the
mob has forgotten them; they see only d'artagnan as he rakes
his blade clean, returns it to its scabbard, reins his horse
around, and slowly rides away, escorting the soldiers back
toward the palace.

