int.  the favorite mistress' palace rooms - day

a young musketeer ushers michelle into the palace bedroom
previously occupied by the king's last mistress.  the
musketeer leaves her alone, frozen in the center of the room,
awed by the opulence.  her eyes play over the details:

-- the handcarved, richly upholstered furniture, beneath her
   fingertips...

-- the carved figures of cherubic angels, gleaming with gold,
   upon the posts of the bed...

-- the murals on the walls and ceiling...

her reverie is interrupted by a handmaiden who bustles in
carrying a magnificent dress.

                     handmaiden
          after your bath put on this, it is
          the king's favorite color.  that
          letter on the desk came here for you
          this morning.

she tosses the dress onto the bed and is gone.  left alone,
michelle lifts the letter, and recognizes the writing.

                     michelle
          raoul!

she opens the letter and reads quickly.

                     michelle
          the army!  oh raoul, don't despair!
          i will always be faithful...

she interrupts herself as her eyes fall on the gorgeous
dress.  she looks around at the sumptuous palace apartment,
and gazes again at the murals painted above the bed.

they depict naked gods and goddesses, in olympian orgies.

                                                  cut to:

close - steaming water, poured into a tub

the handmaiden has prepared a 17th century bathtub for
michelle, and now retires.

                     handmaiden
          if you need me further, just ring.

as the handmaiden leaves, exiting frame, we push in on one of
the murals on the wall.  the eye of one of the figures there
is no longer the painted eye it was before, but is a real
human eye, disguised by the mural...

the king, in the secret passageway

is spying on michelle.

the king's pov

as michelle undresses and steps into the bath.  louis catches
tantalizing glimpses of her richly sensual body in the soapy
water, and it stokes his desire.

