int.  bastille - various shots - night

back up the stairs... through one corridor... they start up
the second flight of stairs, then stop and scramble back.

                     aramis
               (whispering)
          someone's coming!

they take cover on either side of the corridor, and lift
their swords.  it's a man coming down the stairs, with a
hooded lantern... they raise their swords to strike --

                     porthos
          d'artagnan!

                     d'artagnan
          the way is blocked above.  the
          captain of the bastille has turned
          back from the mission i sent him on,
          and is in the courtyard with a party
          of men.

                     athos
          he lies.  he is here to trap us.

                     d'artagnan
          i came to see you safely out.  check
          for yourself.

porthos climbs the stairs to check; d'artagnan looks at
phillippe, in the mask.

                     d'artagnan
          all you have suffered, i would
          gladly have borne myself, to keep it
          from you.

athos spits on the floor, in derision.  but porthos comes
barreling back down the stairway.

                     porthos
          d'artagnan is right, the courtyard
          is filling with soldiers!

                     d'artagnan
          this way.

he leads them quickly down a side corridor; the others have
no choice but to follow.

a side corridor

d'artagnan leads them around another corner, into a long
corridor; at the end of it is a massive door.  they reach it,
and d'artagnan produces a set of keys marked with the royal
seal of the musketeers; he begins unlocking the three
padlocks that secure the door.

                     d'artagnan
          once you are through, don't stop
          until you reach the river.

                     aramis
          they will know you helped us, if we
          go this way.

                     d'artagnan
          that doesn't matter now.

they open the door... and as they do they see louis and his
platoon of young musketeers arriving outside.

                     louis
          there!  stop them!

                     athos
          betrayed!

the young musketeers serving the king jump from their horses
and grab for the door; but d'artagnan leaps forward, his
sword flashing.  after a second of surprise, athos, aramis
and porthos jump forward too, and there is a brief, bloody
skirmish at the door.  but the young musketeers have
overwhelming numbers, and firearms too; protecting phillippe,
the old musketeers draw back inside and succeed at pulling
the door shut and latching it quickly.

                     aramis
          back the way we came!

they race back up the corridor -- the four musketeers, and
phillippe, in the iron mask -- and turn the corner.  they
reach another inner door, pass through it -- and see the
soldiers of the bastille coming at them.

                     aramis
          back!

they retreat, and porthos slams the second door.  like all
the inner doors of the bastille, it's heavy wood, a foot
thick, and porthos seals it with a huger iron bar.  but
there's nowhere else to run.

                     athos
          trapped.

at the far end of the corridor, the king's young musketeers
have the same keys to the outer door that d'artagnan did, and
they are breaking through.  louis and two dozen of his
personal bodyguard pour through the door.

                     louis
          charge them!

the young musketeers obediently charge down the corridor.

stepping up shoulder to shoulder -- aramis, d'artagnan,
athos, porthos -- the four veteran musketeers meet the
charge, first with pistols, then with swords, a wall between
louis' men and phillippe.  the battle in the cramped confines
of the corridor is bloody and fierce; the young attackers can
only get a few men into the fight at any one time, and those
who step before the famous veterans are cut down.

louis' young musketeers retreat, to regroup.

at louis' end of the corridor

louis is furious, jumping at lieutenant andre, who has
dragged a wounded comrade back from the fight.

                     louis
          cowards!  twenty run from four?!

                     lieutenant
          the corridor nullifies our number...
          and no one has stomach to fight the
          captain.

louis is disgusted by this loyalty -- and he has a solution.

                     louis
          d'artagnan!

at the other end of the corridor

louis' voice echoes down to the veteran musketeers and
phillippe, in the iron mask.

                     louis' voice
          i am not angry with you.  i knew you
          would lead me to them, and so you
          have!  lay down your sword, and i
          will not punish you!  i will let you
          retire in peace -- to live out your
          days in the countryside!  and i will
          give your friends a swift execution,
          if you surrender now.

the words bounce down the long corridor; then silence.
d'artagnan stands holding his sword, staring away from his
friends, toward the king and his gang of young musketeers.

                     aramis
          d'artagnan.  perhaps you should
          accept his offer, for we are dead
          anyway.

                     porthos
          he is right, d'artagnan.

athos says nothing; but when d'artagnan looks at him, he
lowers his eyes in shame for ever having doubted d'artagnan's
loyalty and friendship.

phillippe speaks up, from behind the iron mask.

                     phillippe
          wait.  bargain me to louis, for all
          your lives.  you have done your
          best.  let me go, and let all of you
          find peace.

                     d'artagnan
          no.  even if i could give up my
          friends, i could never give up my
          son.

this hits them like a bombshell -- and suddenly it all makes
sense; d'artagnan's loyalty to louis, his dogged hope that he
could somehow influence him toward goodness.  we see their
stunned faces, each in turn:  athos, aramis, porthos, and
phillippe.

                     d'artagnan
          i never had any idea you existed...
          until they found you.  and in all
          that time, i never had a moment's
          pride as a father -- until now.

d'artagnan and phillippe embrace, lost father to lost son.

from the heavily barred door to their rear comes a powerful
pounding; the bastille's soldiers are trying to break it
down.  time is running out.

aramis looks back down the corridor toward the door to the
outside, barred now by louis and his young guards, their long
muskets bristling like spikes; and yet that way is the only
possible hope for escape to the outside.

                     aramis
          d'artagnan... those are young
          musketeers down there.  they have
          been weaned on our legends.  they
          revere us -- it is an advantage.
          why don't we charge them?

                     d'artagnan
          i trained those men myself.  they
          will stand and fight.  but if we are
          to die, let it be this way.

he draws his sword and points it into the air.  aramis lifts
the tip of his sword to join that of d'artagnan.  porthos
does too... and then athos joins them.

                     athos
          one for all.  all for one.

                     phillippe
          if i could have a blade, then i
          would be please to run with you.

d'artagnan gives phillippe a dagger.  they look at each
other.  then d'artagnan begins to scream.  the others take up
the shout.  then they step around the corner, and charge.

the last charge of the musketeers

we film it in all its glory, a visual feast:  the last charge
of the musketeers.  their capes swirl about time, their hair
flies, their legs take on new life.

at first the young musketeers at the end of the corridor are
frozen in surprise; their youthful lieutenant is awed by the
dashing, beautiful bravery of the thing.

                     lieutenant
          magnificent valor...

                     louis
          shoot them!  shoot them!

louis grabs a musket from one of the reluctant soldiers and
fires:  sssboom!  with the first explosion of gunfire the
others pull their triggers; the powder in their weapons
flashes and crashes...

the musket balls fly down the hallway, sparking off the stone
walls and floor, ricocheting, punching holes through the
capes and flesh... but still the musketeers charge like the
young men they once were -- still are, in spirit.

in the confines of the bastille's stone corridor the noise is
deafening, and the space in front of the guards is filled
with the dense gray smoke of the gunpowder.  none of them can
see anything beyond it... and all is quiet.

                     lieutenant
          draw blades!

the king's guards draw their swords, and wait; are all the
old musketeers dead?

slowly the figures emerge from the smoke -- in slow motion,
walking now, no need to run.  all are wounded, but all are
still alive.

the four musketeers, along with phillippe, move slowly and
steadily toward the blades of the young guards; a fight to
the death?  so be it.

but the young lieutenant will have none of it; as one of his
men lifts a sword to plunge it into the chest of d'artagnan,
the young lieutenant bats the sword down, with his own.

                     lieutenant
          stop!

he steps forward toward d'artagnan; but instead of thrusting
his sword he salutes with it.

his men follow suit, saluting and bowing to the courage of
these men they have grown up wanting to follow.

king louis, for the moment, is frozen.

d'artagnan looks back at phillippe; he has bullet holes in
two different places at the edges of his clothes, but he is
unwounded.

then d'artagnan sees louis, with his long dagger, leaping at
phillippe.

                     d'artagnan
          no!

d'artagnan throws himself between the two twins and hurls
louis backwards, then spins to phillippe.

                     d'artagnan
          phillippe!

                     phillippe
          i am unhurt --

louis bounces off the wall and thrusts back again, driving
the blade into d'artagnan's back.

d'artagnan's face jolts; he staggers, his legs buckle.
d'artagnan falls into the arms of his friends.

louis stands holding his bloody dagger, everyone staring at
him:  d'artagnan, the old musketeers, the young ones.

                     phillippe
          you!  vicious... evil...!

he leaps into louis, overwhelming him in fury, wrenching the
dagger from his brother's hand and gripping his throat.

                     d'artagnan
          phillippe...!  no... don't... he is
          your brother!

phillippe releases louis, who falls, choking, gasping.
lieutenant andre is surprised by what he just heard.

                     lieutenant
          brother...?

phillippe darts to d'artagnan, being cradled by athos; athos
lifts a hand from d'artagnan's back; it is drenched in blood.
d'artagnan is dying.

athos, aramis, porthos... none of them can speak.  they grip
d'artagnan, as if through their will alone they could keep
his life from leaking away.  the young musketeers stand
transfixed, watching their legendary captain die.  phillippe
sags; his voice from behind the iron mask is torn by grief.

                     phillippe
          all this time... i was a lost
          secret.  but you were hiding all
          your loyalty, all your love.  you
          were the man in the iron mask.

                     athos
          d'artagnan...

                     d'artagnan
          shhh.  all my life, this is the
          death i have wanted.  to die among
          you.  one for all... and all for...

he is gone.

phillippe rises with a slow, terrible resolve, and moves to
louis.  when louis tries to rise to his feet he finds the
blade of the young lieutenant andre pointed at his chest.

                     lieutenant
          all my life, all i ever wanted to
          be... was him.

he points to d'artagnan.  phillippe rips away the key that
dangles around louis' neck.

                                                  cut to:

at the other door

where the soldiers of the bastille's commander are finally
breaking through; working the massive door aside they find --

the king with his guards, and aramis, athos, porthos, along
with their prisoner, in the iron mask.

                     lieutenant
          we have recaptured the prisoner.

                     man in the iron mask
          no, no!  i am your --

a blow in his chest from the lieutenant stuns the prisoner
and drops him to his knees.  the king orders the bastille
governor --

                     king
          you will put this madman where no
          one can hear his insanity.  let him
          be fed by a deaf mute.  but feed him
          well, and let him have a long life
          within the iron mask.

                     bastille governor
          and them?

he means aramis, porthos, and athos.

                     king
          they are my loyal servants.

                     man in the iron mask
          no!  no...!

but the guards are dragging him to the deepest, darkest
dungeon of the bastille.

                                             dissolve to:

