     int. holiday inn - seminar room - that moment

     camera holds on the image of a slide that reads:

                  "how to fake like you are nice and caring"

     frank steps into frame.  hold.  oc we hear the audience applaud.

                                frank 
                      welcome back.  back from break. 
                      i hope you guys stayed away from those
                      little nacho bits i saw out there... 
                      i know...i know...hey, you're not payin' 
                      for the snacks....

     slight laughter.  frank slows down. 

                                frank 
                      "how to fake like you are nice and caring."
                      this is...obviously...quite an important 
                      section...i mean, let's face it...face the
                      facts...men are shit, right?  i mean, 
                      that is what they all say.  we've all done
                      bad things...bad things that no woman
                      has ever done...that's what they say. 
                      we as men are taught to apologize: "i've done wrong."
                      "i'm sorry."  "my needs as a man made me..."
                      something, something...bullshit....well what 
                      i would like to say....

     frank references some note cards, a bit of a daze is clear now:

                                frank
                      if you feel, made to feel like you need
                      them, like -- like you can't live if
                      you're without them or you need, what? 
                      they're pussy?  they're love? fuck that. 
                      self sufficient, gents.  that's the truth.
                      what you are -- we are -- you need them 
                      for what?  to fucking make you a piece of
                      snot rag?  a puppett?  huh?  hear them
                      bitch and moan? bitch and moan -- 
                      and we're taught one thing -- go the other
                      way -- there is no excuse i will give you,
                      i'm not gonna apologize -- i'm not gonna 
                      apologize for my need my desire...my, the 
                      things that i need as a man to feel comfortable...
                      you understand?  you understand?  you need
                      to say something, "my mommy hit me or 
                      daddy hit me or didn't let me play soccer, 
                      so now i make mistakes, cause a that -- something,
                      so now i piss and shit on it and do this."
                      bullshit.  i'm sorry. ok. yeah. no. fuck. 
                      go.  fuck. alright. go make a new mistake.
                      maybe not, i dunno...fuck.... 

     frank drops the microphone and walks off stage...audience rumbles
     with confusion, etc.  doc and captain muffy frantic, etc.  frank
     heads off -- slight look across the reception hall to see gwenovier --

     he's gone. 

                                                                cut to: 

