               int. beechcraft plane - day (flying)

               clarice's pov - out the plane's window, at the landscape far 
               below. wisps of cloud, a quilt of farms.

               clarice turns from the window, looks at a think folder in 
               her lap. the cover reads "case file: / buffalo bill." clarice 
               is moody, distracted. she hesitates, then opens the file, 
               begins to scan.

               inserts - her pov

               police forms, some handwritten... typed lab reports; we catch 
               words, phrases: "autopsy protocols", "histamine analysis"... 
               grainy enlargements of bullet slugs, showing matched 
               grooves... and then a stack of victim photos. the first one, 
               taken from a good distance away, shows a nude female body, 
               face down on a pebbly riverbank, surrounded by bits of litter.

               clarice hesitates again, then flips this photo to look at 
               the next. it makes her flinch, just slightly. quickly she 
               turns through several more photographs, trying hard to 
               concentrate.

                                     crawford (o.s.)
                         he keeps them alive for three days.

               new angle

               shows crawford standing over her, swaying with the plane's 
               motion. behind him, the open cockpit door, the pilot's back. 
               crawford sits, removing sunglasses. he rubs his eyes.

                                     crawford
                         why, we don't yet know... there's no 
                         evidence of rape or physical abuse 
                         prior to death. all the mutilation 
                         you see there is post-mortem.
                              (a beat; he glances 
                              at her)
                         i'm hot, are you hot? bobby, it's 
                         too damned hot back here...

               the pilot adjusts a valve. crawford turns to her again.

                                     crawford
                         so. three days. then he shoots them,
                         skins them - usually just the torsos - 
                         and dumps them. each body in a 
                         different river, in a different state, 
                         downstream from an interstate highway. 
                         the water leaves us no fingerprints, 
                         fibers, dna fluids - no trace evidence 
                         at all. that's fredrica bimmel, the 
                         first one...

               a color photo - in clarice's hands

               shows a pretty, plump-cheeked brunette, in her high school 
               graduation cap and gown. she smiles at us with touching 
               optimism.

                                     crawford (o.s.)
                         a big girl, like all the rest. went 
                         about 160... her corpse was the only 
                         one he took the trouble to weight 
                         down, so actually, she was the third 
                         girl found. after her, he got lazy...

               new angle

               as clarice stares at the girl's face, moved. crawford pulls 
               a map from the file, spreads it out. it shows the central 
               and eastern u.s., with widely-spaced, hand-drawn markings.

                                     crawford
                         blue square for belvedere, ohio, 
                         where the bimmel girl was abducted. 
                         blue triangle where her body was 
                         found - down here in missouri. same 
                         marks for the other four girls, in 
                         different colors. this new one, 
                         today... washed up here.
                              (he marks with a flair 
                              pen)
                         elk river, in west virginia, about 
                         six miles below u.s. 79. real boonies.

                                     clarice
                         there's no correlation at all between 
                         where they're kidnapped and where 
                         they're found...?
                              (he shakes his head)
                         what if - what if you trace the 
                         heaviest-traffic routes backwards 
                         from the dump sites? do they converge 
                         at all?

                                     crawford
                         good idea, but he thought of it, 
                         too. we've run simulations, using 
                         different vectors and the best dates 
                         we can assign. you put it all in the 
                         computer, and smoke comes out. no, 
                         this one is different. this one has 
                         seen us coming...

                                                                    cut to:

