               int. mr. gumb's basement - day (dimly lit)

               close on scraps of food - peas, chicken bones - lying on the 
               cement floor of the pit, near the foil tray of a tv dinner.

                                     catherine (o.s.)
                              (muttering, feisty)
                         close enough to fuck is close enough 
                         to fight...

               catherine

               is hunched over in concentration. the plastic toilet bucket 
               is on her lap, and she has yanked down its cotton string.

                                     catherine
                         get my legs round your neck, you 
                         goddamn creep, i'll send you home to 
                         jesus...

               her fingers

               are tying a chicken bone to the bucket's handle, where it 
               meets the string. the other end of the string is tied to her 
               wrist.

               she stands

               gathers the coiled string in one hand, and swings the bucket 
               by its handle, calculating this distance up to the basement 
               floor.

                                     catherine
                         okay, precious. time for a treat...

               she hurls the bucket upwards.

               at the lip of the oubliette

               the bucket sails out, bounces loudly, then falls back inside.

               angle on the dog, precious

               who is elsewhere in the basement, worrying a toy. she cocks 
               an ear, making a low growl, then sets off to investigate.

               down in the pit

               catherine swings the bucket again, trying another cast.

               the bucket lands

               two feet beyond the pit's edge, rolls a bit, stops.

               precious trots up

               then pauses, staring curiously towards...

               very low angle (dog's pov)

               the enticing chicken bone, six feet away. it twitches as 
               catherine tugs on the string, edging the bucket back towards 
               the pit.

               precious with her tail wagging, barks - greedy but suspicious.

               catherine

               staring upwards, pulls again, even so gently, at the string.

                                     catherine
                              (softly)
                         preeeeecious...! c'mon, boy, nice 
                         yummy bone... c'mon, you little 
                         shit...

               precious

               edges reluctantly closer... then suddenly rushes in, seizing 
               the bone in her teeth. she tries to run away with it, but 
               catherine is pulling her towards the hole, working her like 
               a hooked fish. her toenails scrabble as she tries to stop.

               catherine

               stares desperately, unable to see how she's doing.

                                     catherine
                         hang on, boy... hang on...

               precious

               still fights for the bone, growling, as the bucket rocks 
               precariously on the edge of the pit. a long, seesaw battle... 
               until finally, when one of her forelegs slips momentarily 
               into the hole, she panics and lets go. the bucket flops over 
               the edge.

               catherine

               crouches, covering her head as the bucket bounces off her.

                                     catherine
                         nooooo...!

               the little dog

               furious, barks down at her, then trots away in disgust.

               close on catherine

               as she sinks to the cold cement. she slaps aside the foil 
               tray, the scraps of food, sobbing in utter despair...

                                                               dissolve to:

