               int. mr. gumb's cellar - day (dim light)

               a shadowy male figure looks down at us, leaning over the 
               edge of a deep hole. he holds a little white poodle in his 
               arms, stroking it. this is mr. gumb, aka "buffalo bill."

                                     mr. gumb
                              (softly)
                         rub the cream on your skin. rub it 
                         in gooood...

               catherine martin

               looks up at him. she is standing on the cement bottom of the 
               pit, or oubliette, about 15 feet below floor level. the pit 
               is bare, except for a futon and a plastic toilet bucket, 
               from which a thin string rises up to the basement. she's 
               soaking wet, in an orange jumpsuit, and holds a squeeze bottle 
               of skin lotion. she struggles to sound calm.

                                     catherine
                         mister... my family will pay cash. 
                         whatever ransom you're askin' for,
                         they -

               reverse angle - up towards mr. gumb

                                     mr. gumb
                         rub it in! or you'll get the hose 
                         again.

               the little dog squirms in his arms, barking excitedly.

                                     mr. gumb
                         yes, it will, precious, won't it? it 
                         will get the hose!

               side angle - at pit bottom

               as catherine kneels, turning slightly away from him.

                                     catherine
                              (under her breath)
                         oh god... oh god...

               she unzips her jumpsuit, part-way, then squeezes some of the 
               lotion onto a palm. she reaches inside her suit, rubs it on.

                                     catherine
                         mister, if you let me go, i won't 
                         press charges, i promise. you've 
                         only had me here a couple days, and -

                                     mr. gumb (o.s.)
                         no. just one day...

                                     catherine
                         is that all...? see - see, my mom is 
                         a real important woman... well, i 
                         guess you already know that. she'll 
                         pay you, no questions asked. whatever 
                         cause you represent - iran, palestine - 
                         she'll see that -

               a sudden blinding glare of light silences her. she looks up, 
               shielding her eyes.

               her pov

               a floodlamp is descending, attached to a small basket.

                                     mr. gumb
                         put the bottle in the basket. no 
                         funny business, or you'll be sorry...

               new angle - catherine

               as the basket stops, and she steadies it. but as she slips 
               the bottle in, she sees something, o.s., just at the fringe 
               of the light. she hesitates, looks closer... then begins to 
               scream, hysterically, again and again. her outflung hand 
               hits the lamp, and in its swaying glare, we see - high on 
               the concrete walls, all around her -

               bloody finger tracks

               dried now, brownish - left by many pairs of frenzied hands...

                                                                    cut to:

