               int. fredrica's bedroom - day

               clarice's pov - moving slowly as she takes in flowery chintz 
               curtains... posters of madonna and blondie... a twin bed, 
               with worn, stuffed animals on the pillow... a big sewing 
               machine in the corner.

               clarice

               turns, absorbing nuances. there is loneliness here, an echo 
               of desperation under this steeply pitches ceiling. a shrill 
               meow, and she looks down...

               big tortoiseshell cat

               is rubbing against her ankles.

               clarice

               picks up the cat, scratches behind his ears. she glances up.

               in a full-length mirror

               she and the cat stares back at their own reflection...

                                                                    cut to:

               clarice

               sitting at the desk, turns the pages of a high school 
               yearbook. the cat is curled on her lap...

                                                                    cut to:

               clarice

               kneeling by the old decca record player, flips through lps 
               and singles. the cat has wandered off...

                                                                    cut to:

               clarice

               pulling a string to light up the closet. she is surprised 
               and intrigued to see an extensive wardrobe, groaning from 
               the rod. a shelf above the rod is stacked high with sewing 
               supplies, in clear plexiboxes. she flips through the hanging 
               clothes, pulls out one dress, on its hanger, for a closer 
               look.

               the dress

               is very big, to fit fredrica, but beautifully cut. some of 
               the seams still look unfinished. she turns it around, sees a 
               blue tissue dressmaker's pattern still pinned to the back.

               favoring the sewing machine

               as clarice turns, looks towards it. she hangs the dress on 
               the closet door knob, crosses to sit at the machine. she 
               takes off its dust cover. she runs one hand over the cool 
               metal, as a taunting memory forms in her mind.

                                     dr. lecter (v.o.)
                         billy wants to change, too, clarice. 
                         but there's the problem of his size, 
                         you see...

               she turns, looks again at the unfinished dress. suddenly she 
               straightens, her attention riveted by something...

               clarice's pov

               on the printed pattern, down at the lower back of the outlined 
               dress, are two bold black triangles. we rush closer to there 
               shapes, before jumping back to -

               clarice

               who stares at them, starting to tremble.

                                     dr. lecter (v.o.)
                         even if he were a woman, he'd have 
                         to be a big one...

               in flashback

               those missing triangles of skin on the dead girl's back, in 
               the funeral home in west virginia...

               close on clarice

               as she jumps to her feet, with a fierce joy.

                                     clarice
                         sewing darts. you bastard.

                                                                    cut to:

