               int. mr. gumb's cellar - day

               very close on a cocoon, split along its back, as a living 
               death's-head moth wriggles torturously free. trembling and 
               damp, the new creature clings to a sprig of nightshade.

                                     dr. lecter (v.o.)
                         you should try to obtain a list of 
                         males rejected from all three gender 
                         reassignment centers...

               pulling back

               we see a big wire cage, holding several of the moths. they 
               crawl over the humus floor or feed at honeycombs, wings 
               pumping lazily. in the distant background, the incongruous 
               sound of show music.

                                     dr. lecter (v.o.)
                         check first the ones rejected for 
                         lying about criminal records...

               continuous moving angle

               at about knee level, as we leave the cage, and begin to travel 
               through this eerie, dimly-lit warren of a cellar.

               as we go - occasionally turning corners, or skirting the 
               dark openings of unexplored passages - various objects loom 
               briefly into view, overhead - a stainless-steel work table... 
               a big sink... jars of chemicals... neat racks of gleaming 
               knives...

                                     dr. lecter (v.o.)
                         among those who tried to conceal 
                         their past, look for severe childhood 
                         disturbances, associated with 
                         violence... possibly you'll find a 
                         childhood incarceration... then go 
                         to their personality tests...

               we pass a row of female mannequins, some nude, some wearing 
               colorful leather jackets, designer knockoffs, in various 
               stages of completion... then a huge maroon armoire, in chinese 
               lacquer; its double doors are slightly ajar... the jaunty 
               background.

               music is growing even louder: fats waller singing "bye bye 
               baby." and now we hear something else, too - the rapid 
               clicking of a sewing machine...

                                     dr. lecter (v.o.)
                         study their drawings, especially. 
                         billy's house drawings will show no 
                         happy future... no baby carriage, 
                         out in the yard. no pets, no toys, 
                         no flowers, no sun...

               we turn another corner, and there is mr. gumb himself. as we 
               approach, his wide back is to us; he's hunched over an old-
               fashioned sewing machine, humming cheerfully, and working a 
               piece of material that we mercifully cannot see. a female 
               wig rests near him on a head form. he wears a hairnet and a 
               beautiful kimono, and pumps the treadle with his bare feet.

                                     dr. lecter (v.o.)
                         his females will be more crudely 
                         sketched than him males - but he'll 
                         compensate by adding exaggerated 
                         adornments... jewelry, big breasts... 
                         and his tree drawings - oh, his trees 
                         will be frightful...

               next to mr. gumb is an antique phonograph - source of the 
               music. his little dog, precious, perches by his plump ankles. 
               as we pass mr. gumb, precious scurries away from him, panting 
               happily, and we follow the little dog down another corridor, 
               the music starting to fade behind us...

                                     dr. lecter (v.o.)
                         billy hates his own identity, he 
                         always has - and he thinks that makes 
                         him a transsexual. but his pathology 
                         is a thousand times more savage... 
                         he wants to be reborn, clarice. he 
                         will be reborn...

               at the end of this final corridor, the cellar widens into a 
               low-ceilinged chamber, with two additional doorways, and in 
               the center of this is the gaping circle of the oubliette. 
               precious sniffs her way over to the edge - excited, tail 
               wagging - than barks happily as we hear a hoarse, ghostly 
               moan from below.

                                     catherine (o.s.)
                         pleeeeeeeease.....!

                                                               dissolve to:

