               int. mr. gumb's workroom - day (green light)

               clarice emerges from the bathroom in a half-crouch, arms 
               out, both hands on the gun, extended just below the level of 
               her unseeing eyes. she stops, listens. in her raw-nerved 
               darkness, every sound is unnaturally magnified - the hum of 
               the refrigerator... the trickle of water... her own terrified 
               breathing, and catherine's faraway, echoing sobs... moths 
               smack against her face and arms. she eases forward, then 
               stops again, listens... she eases forward again, following 
               her gun, and creeps directly in front of, and then past -

               mr. gumb

               who has flattened himself against a wall, arms spread like a 
               high priest, colt in one hand. he wears his goggles and 
               kimono, and under that - draping down over his naked arms, 
               like some hideous mantle - his terrifying, half-completed 
               suit of human skins. this is an exquisite moment for him - a 
               ritual of supreme exaltation. he smiles at clarice as, 
               completely unaware, she moves beyond him, exposing her back. 
               very slowly and quietly he steps out behind her, taking his 
               gun in both hands, aiming...

               close on

               the colt python as - in slow motion - his thumbs cock the 
               hammer, the sound registering as a loud metallic click, and -

               clarice

               spins, still in slow motion, flame already leaping from her 
               gun muzzle, as we see -

               the two figures

               almost at point-black range, guns roaring hugely, one flash 
               from mr. gumb, and one two three four flashes from clarice, 
               overlapping his, and then, as the echoes crash deafeningly -

               close on clarice - low angle -

               with normal speed restored, as the side of her face hits the 
               floor, and she is gasping, stunned by the noise and flames; 
               there is blood on her check, and an ugly powder burn, but 
               she ignores them, twisting to yank her speedloader from her 
               jacket pocket, locking it blindly onto her gun's cylinder, 
               reloading, right in front of her face, then rolling onto her 
               stomach, aiming her gun upward again, blinking her dazzled 
               eyes, straining to locate him in the darkness... where is 
               he, where...? then, as the echoes finally fade, she hears 
               something else - a tortured, sucking, whistle from perhaps 
               eight feet away...

               moving angle - with clarice

               as she crawls forward, on her elbows, following her gun, 
               until it bumps against mr. gumb's shoulder. he is lying on 
               his back, chest a bloody mess. she slides her muzzle against 
               his head, hard, but he doesn't move; another shot isn't 
               needed. he stares upwards, through his goggles, bloody lips 
               working. he tries to speak, but cannot. one hand reaches 
               slowly upwards, the fingers twitching, as if to seize 
               something, overhead... then a final, ghastly groan, his hand 
               drops, he is dead. clarice feels for a pulse at his neck, 
               making sure. then, and only then, does she permit herself to 
               roll over, collapsing onto her back beside him.

               overhead angle

               down at the two faces - intimately close together, like lovers 
               on their pillow. then, as we pull slowly away, we see that 
               her staring eyes, and his dead gaze, are both locked onto -

               a death's-head moth -

               perched on an infra-red bulb, overhead, its wings pumping 
               slowly.

               sound upcut - wailing sirens, many excited voices, as we...

                                                               dissolve to:

