               int. funeral home - back corridor - day

               a young deputy, several state troopers, and a sheriff are 
               all waiting, as crawford and clarice enter. the dim, cluttered 
               corridor doubles as storage space - there's a treadle sewing 
               machine, a soft-drink machine, a tricycle. the music is 
               closer. crawford shakes hands with the sheriff.

                                     crawford
                         sheriff perkins? jack crawford, fbi... 
                         this is officer starling. we 
                         appreciate your phoning us.

                                     sheriff
                              (grim, unsociable)
                         i didn't call you. that was somebody 
                         from the state attorney's office... 
                         'for you do a thing else, i'm gon' 
                         find out if this girl's local. it 
                         could just be somethin' that outside 
                         elements has dumped on us.

               he casts a sidelong, unhappy glance at clarice.

                                     crawford
                         well sir, that's where we can help. 
                         if -

                                     sheriff
                         i don't even know you, mister... now 
                         we'll extend you ever courtesy, just
                         soon as we can, but for right now -

                                     crawford
                         sheriff, this, ah - this type of sex 
                         crime has some aspects i'd rather 
                         discuss just between the two of us. 
                         know what i mean?

               he indicates clarice with his eyes. the sheriff hesitates, 
               nods, then lets crawford guide him into a small office, 
               closing the door behind them. muffled words from there.

               clarice

               burning at this slight, is left alone with the troopers, who 
               peek at her with shy curiosity. she pulls her blazer a bit 
               tighter, self-conscious about her bulging shoulder holster.

               angle on the office door

               as, after a few more moments, the sheriff and crawford emerge. 
               the sheriff, still not very happy, addresses his deputy.

                                     sheriff
                         oscar, run fetch dr. akin from the 
                         chapel. and tell lamar to come on 
                         when he's done playin' that music.

                                                                    cut to:

