               int. hotel room - day

               clarice's pov - moving - as she first sees, sitting on the 
               edge of a bed - a female hostage. black, late 20's, gagged, 
               hands behind her back. then, swivelling... she sees a startled 
               male suspect, white, mid-20's, standing by a window with a 
               rifle in his hands. he is turning towards her...

               clarice drops into a combat crouch, gun extended, and shouts.

                                     clarice
                         freeze! fbi!

               clarice's pov - slow motion

               all natural sound suspended - as the suspect faces her with 
               a strange, pleading expression. the rifle is rising in his 
               hands, but oddly enough, it is held across his chest, not 
               pointing. then another puzzling detail registers...

               the suspect's hands

               are taped to his gun, away from the trigger; he couldn't use 
               it even if he tried. suddenly we hear a metallic click, which 
               registers with unnatural amplification, as - clarice reacts, 
               drops to the floor, rolling sideways, and -

               the "hostage"

               pulls a revolver out from behind her back, still in slow 
               motion, raising it in her untied hands. she fires repeatedly, 
               flames leaping from the muzzle; the sound is an echoing roar 
               in these close quarters, but -

               clarice has come up on one knee, beside an armchair, and is 
               already firing back herself, two quick shots, which send -

               the "hostage"

               pitching over the bed, backwards, to shudder and lie still 
               in a haze of gunsmoke. clarice rushes to her, clamping one 
               knee down on her gun hand, still keeping her covered in case 
               of movement. hold for a few beats... then we hear the shrill 
               blast of a whistle from somewhere, off screen, as normal 
               action and sound are restored.

                                     brigham (o.s.)
                         okay, people, good exercise...

               clarice relaxes, lowering her gun. the lights brighten.

               pulling back

               we see that we're in some sort of auditorium, with the "hotel 
               room" and its "corridor" built as a training set. john brigham 
               walks onto this set, thumbing a stopwatch. mid-40's, ex-
               marine. his t-shirt's lettering says "firearms instructor / 
               fbi academy."

                                     brigham
                         starling's reaction time was 
                         excellent. let's break. critique in 
                         five.

               a class of about forty young fbi trainees, of both sexes, 
               begins to rise from their seats, mingling and chatting. 

               clarice nods amiably to the "suspect", then gives her 
               "hostage" a hand up. it's ardelia mapp, her roommate. her 
               broad, clever face breaks into a big smile, as they both 
               remove ear plugs. clarice's voice has just a soft trace of 
               southern accent.

                                     ardelia
                         damn, clarice, how'd you make me?

                                     clarice
                              (indicating her gun)
                         never cock. just squeeze.

                                     ardelia
                              (grins)
                         i love it when you talk dirty.

               as brigham joins them, clarice can't resist a star pupil's 
               little smile of pride. he frowns good-naturedly.

                                     brigham
                         what're you laughin' at, junior g-
                         man? she got off four rounds to your 
                         two.

               he takes out a steel-coiled grip flexer, drops it onto her 
               palm.

                                     brigham
                              (continuing)
                         one hundred reps, each hand, every 
                         day. now tidy up, the section chief 
                         wants to see you.

               he nods a direction, then moves off. clarice, with her smile 
               finally fading, looks out into the auditorium.

               special agent jack crawford

               sits on the top step of the aisle, looking down at her. he 
               is 53, strongly built. he rises impassively, exits through 
               the back door. he carries a think manila envelope under one 
               arm.

               ardelia who is helping clarice unbuckle her bullet-proof 
               vest, follows her worried gaze.

                                     clarice
                         what'd i do?

                                     ardelia
                         stay cool. just remember to call him 
                         "god."

                                                                    cut to:

