               ext. storage unit number 31 - dusk

               clarice, kneeling before a closed, roll-up metal door, takes 
               a flash photo of its sealed padlock. everett yow, a fat, 
               60ish chinaman, holds an umbrella over them both. he looks 
               unhappy.

                                     clarice
                         so no one's been in here since - 
                         1980?

               she opens the padlock, using a fat ring of tagged keys, then 
               sets aside both keys and lock.

                                     mr. yow
                         not to my knowledge. privacy is a 
                         great concern to my customers. but, 
                         if you say this is an fbi matter...

                                     clarice
                         i won't disturb anything, mr. yow, i 
                         promise. be gone before you know it.

               slinging her camera over a shoulder, she tugs at the handle, 
               but the door won't budge. another tug, harder - no good. mr. 
               yow stoops to help, puffing hard, but it's firmly stuck. he 
               sighs.

                                     mr. yow
                         we could return tomorrow, with my 
                         son. or perhaps some workmen...?

               clarice crosses to her pinto, which faces the shed, reaches 
               in to turn on her headlights. mr. yow blinks in the sudden 
               brightness. then she opens her truck, rummaging inside, and 
               returns with a bumper jack, a flashlight, and a rubber floor 
               mat.

                                     clarice
                         would you hold these, please?

               she gives him her flashlight and camera, drops the mat on 
               the ground, then sets the bumper jack in place, under the 
               center of the door. she pumps on the jack handle as the door 
               squeals slowly up, but it won't go higher than about 18 
               inches, despite all her exertions. she spreads out the rubber 
               mat on the cement, takes the flashlight from mr. yow, then 
               lies on the mat.

                                                                    cut to:

