               int. shelby co. courthouse - historical society room -

               night

               close on a steaming, rather elegant dinner tray, being carried 
               by pembry, as he approaches dr. lecter's cell.

                                     pembry
                              (shouts)
                         ready when you are, doc!

               in the cell

               the bach is issuing from the cassette player. beside it, on 
               the table, the pile of dr. lecter's drawings. the top one is 
               an accurate, sensitive portrait, from memory, of clarice. 
               beyond the table, we see lecter's shadowy form, seated behind 
               the paper screen. he calls out from there.

                                     dr. lecter (o.s.)
                         just another minute, please!

               pembry grunts, sets the tray down. boyle joins him, handing 
               him a riot baton and a mace cannister, which pembry fastens 
               to belt clips. boyle is similarly armed, and carries a ring 
               of keys.

                                     pembry
                         sumbitch demanded lamb chops for 
                         dinner, extra rare.

                                     boyle
                              (laughs)
                         what you reckon he'll want for 
                         breakfast - some fuckin' thing from 
                         the zoo?

               inside the screen

               dr. lecter sits fully clothed on the toilet - swaying 
               slightly, eyes closed, lost in the music, tongue working in 
               his cheek. suddenly, like magic, a little shiny piece of 
               metal protrudes from his lips. he plucks it out, opens his 
               eyes.

               in extreme closeup

               he is holding the pocket clip from prentice's disassembled 
               pen - a straight, thin strip of metal, with a circular collar 
               at one end, a square edge at the other.

               dr. lecter

               lines up his thumbnail just shy of the square edge, then 
               braces it against the stainless steel toilet rim. he pushes 
               down, hard, using both hands for leverage. after a moment he 
               smiles, holding up the result, and twirling it before his 
               eyes.

               in extreme closeup

               the straight end of the clip now forms a tiny right angle, 
               and the circular end anchors nicely between his fingers.

               outside the cell

               pembry and boyle turn as the toilet flushes, and dr. lecter 
               reappears, looking jaunty.

                                     pembry
                         okay, doc, grab some floor. same 
                         drill as lunchtime.

               dr. lecter sits on the floor, legs straight, then wriggles 
               backwards. he stretches his arms behind him, hands and wrists 
               through the bars, with two bars between them, and clasps his 
               hands.

                                     dr. lecter
                         i'm ready when you are, officer 
                         pembry.

               pembry comes around the cell to squat behind dr. lecter. he 
               tugs his hands farther out, rather roughly, handcuffs his 
               wrists. he shakes the cuffs, making sure of them, then nods 
               to boyle.

               new angle - at cell door

               as boyle picks up the dinner tray, and pembry crosses around. 
               pembry takes the keys from boyle, unlocks the cell door, and 
               pushes it inward. boyle goes inside with the tray.

               dr. lecter

               watches as boyle approaches the table, above five feet from 
               him. boyle has to set his tray down on the floor to clear 
               off some of the mess of drawings. the music plays on.

               very close on

               ...dr. lecter's hands, outside the bars, as the makeshift 
               key, held between the tips of his right index and middle 
               fingers, searches for the keyhole of the cuffs. and finds 
               it.

               new angle - favoring boyle

               as he finishes clearing the drawings, then turns back towards 
               dr. lecter, stooping to pick up the tray.

               boyle's right hand

               is just inches from the tray when dr. lecter's hand darts 
               into shot, snapping a handcuff onto his wrist.

               boyle

               looks up, astonished, to find himself right in the grinning 
               face of dr. lecter - who just as quickly rolls sideways, and 
               snaps -

               the other cuff

               around the bolted leg of the table. and suddenly all natural 
               sound and motion are suspended, as the music soars much 
               louder, each separate note of it now echoing distinctly, and 
               we see...

               various angles - each blurring into stop-action

               pembry starting into the cell, reaching for his riot baton... 

               dr. lecter smashing against the cell door, driving it into 
               pembry, pinning him across the chest, against the door 
               frame...

               boyle, on one knee on the floor, digging desperately in his 
               pants pocket for his handcuff key...

               pembry's hand, mashed against his body by the door, as he 
               strains frantically to reach the baton at his waist... 

               pembry's eyes, widening in horror as he stares at...

               dr. lecter's bared teeth, flashing towards him...

               dr. lecter gripping pembry's face in his jaws, shaking it 
               like a dog shakes a rat...

               boyle finding his key, but in his terror dropping it...

               dr. lecter yanking the mace can and riot baton from the dazed 
               pembry's belt, spraying him in his bloody face, then clubbing 
               him to his knees...

               boyle, mouth open in a silent scream, finding his key again, 
               unlocking the handcuff, but then, as he starts to rise, 
               seeing...

               dr. lecter standing over him, with the riot baton raised 
               high; he swings it viciously down, again and again and 
               again...

               then normal sound and motion are restored as we go to -

               close angle on

               the cassette player, and the portrait of clarice, both now 
               flecked with blood. in addition to the bach, we now hear 
               soft panting, close by, and whimpering sobs in the background.

               angle on dr. lecter

               eyes closed, lost in a favorite passage of the music. his 
               bloody fingers drift airily with the notes, as his breathing 
               slows to normal. he opens his eyes, sighs contentedly, looks 
               down.

               his pov

               by the sprawled legs of boyle lie various objects that spilled 
               from his pants pocket - coins, a comb, a big pocketknife.

               dr. lecter

               picks up the pocketknife, examines it happily. about a four-
               inch blade. he becomes aware of the whimpering, off screen, 
               turns.

               low angle on pembry

               as he crawls, with torturous slowness, towards the command 
               desk, and the phone. he is crying, but frantically determined.

               pembry's pov - partially blurred, then clearing

               above the desk, hanging from pegs, are his and boyle's 
               holstered revolvers...

                                                                    cut to:

