int.  translator"s booth . general assembly

inside the translator's booth, the entire panorama of the enormous hall is visible through the glass window. the eight translators stop translating and stare at the scene below.

back to general assembly

selena is about to speak in the microphone, when two security gquards attempt to step onto the podium. selena reaches out toward them. a field of force from her hands stops them in their tracks, knocking them backwards off the steps to land on their butts. the delegates gasp at this act of magical violence.

selena
				nations of the world! i bring you tidings of a new age!

the president of the general assembly starts to shout at her and bang on the podium with his gavel. selena looks over her shoulder with mild annoyance. instantly the president's gavel turns into a live eel. the president drops it with horror. selena continues her speech.

selena
				i bring you a return to the ancient true worship of 
nature, our sovereign queen and mother. and 
i bring you myself as her representative here 
on earth.

the uritanian suddenly recovers his wits and tries to place a hand on selena's shoulder. a whirlwind hurls him off the podium into the desks of the front row delegates. the delegates babble in consternation but keep to their seats. selena raises her voice to be heard over the uproar.

selena
				from this moment forth, all science, religion and other
				unnatural beliefs are forbidden. and in their place i 
will teach the one true way of our ancient 
grandmothers.

the president of the general assembly has recovered enough from the surprise of the eel to 
interrupt selena.

					president
				you are talking about the end of civilisation as we 
know it.

	selena
and it's about time too.

	president
i do not know who you are, or what evil force 
you represent, but it will take more than a
few threats from you to make mankind turn back 
the clock and abandon thousands of years of progress.

selena has listened with a mocking smile as he speaks. he finishes to a smattering of applause from some of the delegates.

selena
				threats? i don't need threats to destroy civilisation. 
i have something better.

she snaps her fingers in the air. immediately a rain of money begins to fall all over the general assembly. paper money and coins of all nations. selena looks at her work with pleasure. then she disappears in a flash of light.

the delegates blink with astonishment. the only trace of her presence is the tang of sulfur in the air---and the money. one delegate forgets his dignity and starts scooping up money from his desk and stuffing it into his pockets. suddenly all the delegates are doing the same thing. the only exception is the delegate from the united kingdom who thinks it might be beneath his dignity, and looks about with mild disapproval.

cut to:



