     ext. boneyard - night

     fight scene: johns' light hits the ground, creating an arena of
     illumination. fast clicking nearby. still struggling, riddick
     and johns somehow manage to gang-aim the shotgun and blast the
     clicking away.

     the shotgun goes free. johns lunges for it, but riddick kicks it
     into the night. and then pulls his shiv.

                              riddick
               gotta stay in the light, johns. that's
               the only rule.

     johns circles inside the light. fucking with him, riddick starts
     poking and jabbing, backing him up against the wail of dark.
     johns stumbles over something. a bone. a club.

     riddick finds his own bone-club, and now they go at it like two
     cavemen. riddick beats on johns' club-hand, breaking fingers,
     forcing him to drop the bone. just trying to get away now, johns
     makes a desperate lunge for the light, but...

     riddick shivs open his back.

                              riddick
               remember that moment?

     gushing blood, johns starts crawling pathetically with the light.
     riddick dogs him.

                              riddick
               shoulda never took the chains off, johns.
               you were one brave fuck, before. now look
               at you. oh, yeah, you were billy bad-ass
               with your gauge...with your chains....

     johns finds the shotgun. "and i'm still billy bad-ass." he
     sweeps it around with the light, ready to kill...

     blackness. where'd riddick go?

     clicking behind johns. he whirls to see...

     something big coming for him. johns blasts it back into the
     night, dropping the light as he does. eyes in the back of his
     head, he whirls again and takes aim on...

     another bull-rushing predator.

     johns triggers a bad round. crazed, he ratchets and levels the
     shotgun for another try. he's too late.

     big closeup as the ejected shell rolls to a stop. it's red.
     johns loaded a morphine shell in the dark.

     riddick's pov: with johns skewered by the armpits, the predator
     lifts him off the ground and "stares" with a deceptively gentle
     clicking-cooing sound.

     predator's pov: of johns' final expression.

     riddick's pov: the predator rears back its head -- then slams
     forward, hitting johns with the full force of its skull-blade,
     splitting him in two.


