     ext. muddy rise - the gauntlet - night

                              riddick
               stop.

     they pile up awkwardly. fry listens hard. only rainfall.

                              fry
               i don't hear --

     he covers her mouth.

     riddick's pov: water has pooled at the base of the muddy rise.
     a predator drinks there.

                              riddick
                         (on his breath)
               doesn't see us...wait for it to leave....

     riddick's pov: another predator lands to drink. then another.
     their backs are to us, but the pool is turning into a major
     gathering place.

     soon they all can hear clicking above the rain. their nightmare
     is far from over.

                              riddick
               get behind me.

     riddick's pov: of a half-dozen predators shifting places at the
     pool. a slim gap appears.

                              riddick
               when i go, we go. full-throttle.

     close on their hands, gripping each other.

                              riddick
               ready...ready....

     riddick's pov: the gap between predators widens into a passage.
     a gauntlet within a gauntlet.

     riddick runs. linked like paper dolls, the others follow blindly.

     riddick's pov: of a predator turning to "stare" over its
     shoulder.

     predator's pov: of riddick bearing down fast.

     the survivors hit the water like lawn mowers on legs, crashing
     through, scattering water and predators alike, managing to
     reach...

     the muddy rise. audrey loses her grip on the others...

     and starts back-sliding. she cries out, turning the head of...

     riddick. he catches audrey as her legs hit the pool. he muscles
     her back up the rise and heaves her over the top, sending her
     slip-sliding down the other side.

                              riddick
               you know the way!

     not waiting for him, fry and imam disappear over the rise.

     riddick's pov: of the predators. regrouping. crawling up the
     rise at us.


