     ext. choke-point - the gauntlet - night

     the passage narrows into a choke-point. fry sees it first.

                              fry
               riddick? riddick?

     ahead, a clot of dead predators blocks the canyon.

                              audrey
               what? what is it?

                              riddick
               it's a fucking staircase! go over it!
               go over it!

     steeling themselves, they start climbing.

     but audrey, on all fours, has to discover the corpses with her
     hands. then, taking exception at being walked on...

     one "corpse" snaps at her. audrey recoils sideways...

     and tumbles down the mound of corpses. she's exposed.

     predators' pov: rapid-fire images of audrey. flashes from 10
     different predators.

                              fry
               audrey!

     audrey shakes out of it and scrambles for the shield just as...

     a predator kamikazes onto the shield, its bone-blades piercing
     the metal...

     and nearly skewering audrey beneath.

     caught in torchlight, steaming, the predator howls as it tries
     to rip free of the shield.

     beneath, audrey hangs on and takes a thrashing.

     the predator tears clear, spins, pounces blindly at...

     riddick, standing at light's edge. stunningly, he catches the
     beast under its scythe blades, blunting the attack. the predator
     clicks madly at him.

     predator's pov: of riddick's face.

     the predator rears back its head, ready to bisect riddick with
     its skull-blade.

     switchblade fast, riddick drops a hand...

     ...yanks his shiv...

     ...and sweeps it over the belly of the beast. howling, the
     predator falls, disemboweled.

     reaction shots of fry and imam. stunned.

                              riddick
               didn't know who he was fuckin' with.

     they regroup. imam's head swivels back and forth: they're one
     person short.

                              imam
               suleiman!

                              riddick
               get the girl back under. keep going.

                              imam
               suleiman!

                              riddick
               keep going or i will!

     suddenly pilgrim #1 reappears, thrust back into the light by
     unseen forces. he's still alive -- but shouldn't be. he makes
     a feeble attempt to grab onto imam, to anyone, but he's gone
     again before they can even react, jerked out of the light. out
     of existence.


