     ext. skiff - night

     imam and audrey stagger aboard. safe in the light of the
     headbeams, fry turns back, panting, waiting.

     waiting.

                              imam
               captain....

     he wants her to board the skiff. fry gives it another beat, eyes
     sweeping the dark rain. and just when we think it's over for
     riddick -- terrible screams are heard from both man and predator:
     there's a helluva fight going on out there. close out there.

     fry snatches the glow-worms off imam's neck...

     and plunges into the darkness, homing in on the sounds until...

     a blade flashes in her face. she ducks and spots...

     riddick. bloody, muddy, he's down on his knees, still trying to
     fight off the shadow-beasts that swirl and slash all around him.
     around them both.

                              fry
               it's me, it's me, it's me!

     she gets the light around his neck. now we see his face
     clearly -- and see a very human expression there: fear. fry
     grabs his armpits and tries to pull him up.

                              fry
               c'mon, riddick -- said i'd die for them,
               not you.

     he gets his feet under him. gripping each other, they start
     moving, turning like dancers in a macabre waltz, hoping the
     predators can't fix on riddick's blood.

                              fry
               just 10 steps...keep turning, keep
               turning...that's right...others're already
               'board, waitin' for us right now...five
               steps...c'mon, almost there, riddick...
               almost there...we're almost --

     something jolts them. all clicking stops.

     extreme closeups: searching each other's eyes. someone just got
     slashed from behind, slashed bad. but who?

                              riddick
               not for me....

     in an eyeblink she's gone, ripped from his arms. there was no
     scream. no cry. no final words. just...

     blackness.


