     ext. night

     they trundle on, fry the new tail-gunner.

     at side guard, paris relaxes a bit -- even though the clicking
     never seems far from earshot. a weak fireball spews from his
     torch. he checks the reservoir. almost empty.

                              paris
               light, please, need light here....

     still moving, johns and imam train lights on paris while he
     refuels. for a brief moment, audrey strays from the light.

     predator's pov: dive-bombing the girl.

     a high-velocity clicking: it's like an incoming missile. imam
     lunges at the last nanosecond...

     and flattens audrey to the ground. scythe blades swing...

     chinking the harness-chains on imam's back.

     johns whirls, blasts. light-beams leap around. but the predator
     is long gone.

                              imam
                         (trembling)
               please...have we been cut? can someone
               tell me if....

     he finds his dropped light, thumbs the switch again and again.
     broken.

     in the confusion, paris has been left in the dark. something
     slashes him from behind. it's like the night has claws.

                              paris
               oh, sweet jesus....

     the bottle drops.

     the blood flows.

     the clicking stops.

                              paris
               oh, sweet jesus, will you get me some
               light over here!

     faces whip around. but before their lights can rescue him...

     paris is gone, snatched away by a swooping blur.

     light-beams jump fitfully, vainly.

     riddick's pov: of predators feasting on paris. carrying a
     youngling on its back, a female predator arrives late and can't
     find a place at the trough. with shocking apathy, it whips the
     youngling off its back and begins devouring it. other predators
     start in-fighting, killing themselves for food. pov pans to a
     pair of predators, closer, sounding out new prey. pov pans
     again to include the object of their desire. audrey.

     close on riddick. trying to figure it out.

     close on audrey. listening to the horrific feeding sounds.
     oblivious to all the attention she's getting.

                              fry
               what do you see? riddick?

                              riddick
               hunger. i see 60 years of hunger.


