     int. cargo hold - day

     blades of sunlight stream in through cracks in the hull. paris
     enters to find shazza and audrey cutting open containers,
     searching for usable goods.

                              paris
               tell me that was you.

                              audrey
               okay, it was me. what'd i do now?

                              paris
               assailing my fragile sense of security,
               that's what.

                              shazza
               what're you goin' on about? she's been
               right here for the last....

     they all see it: sun-blades are momentarily blocked by something
     passing outside. someone.

                              shazza
                         (a quiet probe)
               zeke?

     no answer. audrey springs to the other side of hold, puts an eye
     to a crack there.

     hull-crack pov: far away, zeke finishes digging the grave. he
     starts toward the ship.

     audrey whirls back, mouths a silent alarm: "riddick!"

     paris goes bloodless. shazza grabs the war-pick out of his
     frozen hands, moves catlike to the main doors and poises there,
     ready to strike. audrey follows with the hunting boomerang.
     all eyes watch as...

     the sun-blades, winking off and on, chart riddick's approach:
     we feel like we're inside a magician's sword box, watching the
     blades shave closer and closer to us. suddenly he appears...

     and shazza swings hard.

                              audrey
               no!

     facing them is a total stranger -- burned, half naked, one hand
     still clutching the emergency-release lever of his cryo-locker.
     shazza stopped one inch short of killing him.

                              total stranger
               i thought...my god, i thought i was the
               only one who....

     he lurches toward shazza, trying to embrace her -- and sees blood
     and brain-bits blam-blamming against her. his own. the stranger
     sinks bonelessly to the ground. fast rack to reveal zeke in the
     background, pistol leveled. he reads shazza's horrified face --
     and understands what he's done.

                              paris
               oh, lord....

                              audrey
               it was just somebody else. from the
               crash. he was just....

                              zeke
               cripes galore, i thought it was him. the
               murderin' ratbag. i thought he was....

     he rushes over to check the dead stranger. as he bends down,
     fast rack again to reveal riddick in the background. he stands
     20 paces off, still unseen by the others. his goggle eyes
     covet...

     zeke's breather.


