     int. main cabin

     a cryo-locker blows open, spitting out...

     carolyn fry. she hits the deck of the main cabin: four crew
     lockers in a forward section, countless more in back. but the
     deck is canted at a sick angle and alarms scream everywhere:
     the world is dying around her.

     legs wobbly, shivering like a flu victim, fry stumbles to the
     next forward locker. it's riddled with holes. one dead crewie
     is seen through fractured plexi, body pocked and bloodied. but
     in the next cryo-locked...

     the captain is struggling awake. fry's face floods with relief.
     slapping an intercom:

                              fry
               hear me? cap'n? some kinda compromise to
               the hull...holding for now, but...goddamn,
               i'm glad you're alive. gotta pull your
               e-release...no, red handle, red handle.
               i'll get the warm-ups out while --

     phfut-phfut-phfut-phfut: particles bore through the cabin,
     blasting open the captain's chest, shattering plexi, detonating
     instruments on the opposite wall and leaving contrails
     hissing in the air.

     fry lands on her ass, horrified. suddenly...

     another locker blows open. a body falls right on top of fry --
     but this one's still alive. disoriented, frantic:

                              owens
               why did i fall on you?

                              fry
               he's dead. cap'n's dead. christ, i was
               looking right at him when --

                              owens
               i mean, i mean, chrono shows we're 22
               weeks out, so gravity wasn't supposed to
               kick in for another 19. i mean, i mean,
               i mean, why did i fall at all?

                              fry
               you hear me? captain's dead. owens too.

                              owens
               oh, no. not owens, not.... wai', wai',
               wait. i'm owens. right?

     they swap nightmare looks, momentarily unsure of their own
     identities.

                              fry
               cryo-sleep. swear to god, it sloughs
               brain cells.


