56   int. richard's cabin - night                                        56

     he flicks on the wall switch. it's a typical little
     hideaway that the rich kept for summer use. the living
     room, dining room, and kitchen are all in one with a long
     counter separating the kitchen.

     on the left is a wooden couch with a mexican rug thrown
     across it and a metal chair with tan cushions for the seat
     and back. the opposite wall is all glass with the city
     lights blinking in the distance.

                                 daphne
                  mr. mcgee...

     no answer.   easy leads them to a door and opens it.

57   bedroom                                                             57

     another wall of glass and

     a dead man spread out on the king-sized bed, with the
     contents of the dresser and closet strewn all over the room.

                                 daphne
                  oh, my god!

     she gags and backs out of the room with her hand over her
     mouth in case she throws up.

     easy takes out a handkerchief and holds it over his mouth
     and nose as he gets a closer look at the body.

     it's the drunk white man he had seen at john's speakeasy in
     the same blue suit. he's lying on his back like a crucifix
     with a butcher knife buried in his chest. there's blood
     that has drained from his chest and gathered around his face
     and hair so dark and thick you could scoop it up like jello.

     easy actually does throw up and doubles over, dropping to a
     knee to keep his balance and some control. he stays there
     for several moments regaining his composure and then spots a
     spilled ashtray and a cigarette butt. he lifts it off the
     floor and smells it. he wipes his mouth with the
     handkerchief and then wraps the butt inside and puts it in
     his pocket. he gets up.

                                 easy
                  daphne!

     he hears a car engine start up and gears shifting.     then
     runs out the door.

                                                                 54.

