123   ext. albright's cabin - night                                   123

      the cabin draws nearer as easy scrambles up the hill. he
      can hear daphne crying out something, but he can't make out
      the words.

      it quiets down as he nears and sees shadows crossing a
      window with the shade pulled down.

      he moves cautiously, quietly to the window and peers through
      the crack between the shade and the windowsill. he can make
      out a sliver of what looks like a large room with a low
      ceiling. smack! and daphne screams again.

                                albright's voice
                   come on, talk to me. talk to me
                   while you still can.

                                daphne's voice
                         (sobbing)
                   please! i don't have them!     easy
                   has them!

      easy can barely make out shariff passing the window.   he
      strains to see more.

                                albright's voice
                   you said he didn't know anything.

                                 daphne's voice
                   i was lying!!

                               albright's voice
                   okay. grab that for me, shariff.
                   it's ready.

      and then scre-e-eam!! the kind that drops the bottom out of
      your stomach. the kind more akin to fear than the word
      itself... the kind that fries your skin with the cold chill
      of horror. s-c-r-e-eams again!!

                                 daphne's voice
                   no-o-o-o!   please. no-o-o!

                                albright's voice
                   now talk to me, goddammit!

                                                                  107.

123   continued:                                                         123

                                daphne's voice
                   no-o-o!

124   easy's gotta make a move. kablangalangle! he smashes the           124
      window with the gun and the shade rattles all the way up.

      manny looks right up at his face as daphne arches and
      flails, trying to get free from his hands that are pinning
      her down on a battered old sofa.

      albright is holding a glowing red poker that shariff,
      standing in front of the fireplace, has just handed him.

      easy starts blasting.   kablaam!   manny takes one to the
      throat. kablaam!

      albright and shariff lunge for cover, and daphne ducks down
      behind the back of the sofa, screaming and screaming.

      manny, hand to his throat, pulls his gun on reflex, firing
      into the floor and then half runs, half staggers out the
      side door just ahead of another kablaam! that digs out a
      chunk of the wall.

      easy hears the screen door open and then ducks down, getting
      ready for manny who should be coming his way from the side
      door. he hears more steps stumble out and then... silence.

      and then, kablaam! blaam! two huge blasts rip right
      through the wall next to easy's head, and he scrambles to
      the side of the house, underneath another window with the
      shade pulled down.

                                albright (o.s.)
                         (to shariff)
                   who the hell's out there?

                                 shariff
                         (getting frantic)
                   i don't know!

                                albright (o.s.)
                   that you, easy?
                         (silence)
                   tell us what you want, buddy.   see
                   what we can work out.

      easy hears footsteps coming alongside the house where he had
      been moments ago. kablaam! blaam! albright has fired from
      the inside again, thinking it's him.

                                easy
                         (whispering)
                   mouse?

                                                                108.

124   continued:                                                       124

      but it's manny, clutching his throat, gurgling for air,
      stumbling aimlessly off down the hill. a walking dead
      man... easy hears him tumble into some shrubbery and after a
      moment the gurgling stops.

                                albright (o.s.)
                   easy... hey, buddy
                         (then to shariff)
                   come on, goddammit!

      daphne cries out and klablangle! easy breaks the window
      with the gun but kablaam! blaam! blaam! the windowsill
      tears out above his head and daphne screams again.

      easy looks up to see shariff, holding her in front of him as
      a shield. he's headed straight for easy, drawing a bead on
      him for the kill. and then kablaam! the back of shariff's
      skull flies off and

      mouse is in the side door, blasting.     blaam!

      albright breaks for the window. blaam! the slug spins him
      halfway around but he hurls himself through the window
      backwards.

      easy scurries to the front of the house and blaam! the
      bullet goes wide and albright manages to get into his car
      and returns fire. blaam! blaam!... easy hits the deck.

      albright's engine roars to life and he squeals out on the
      gravel. mouse appears on the other side of the house and
      click! click! he's out of ammo. he pulls out the other
      pistol, but it's too late.

                                mouse
                   damn, damn, damn! i hit him!     i
                   hit him!

      easy gets up from the ground and trudges into the front
      door.

