               int. manhattan night club - night

               loud music and pulsating lights.  a young crowd dances and
               grinds to the beat.  among the colorful lights, streaks of
               flame swirl around the ceiling.  we follow them to:

               a balcony, where we see johnny sitting in a cozy vip section. 
               he's surrounded by "groupies" climbing over each other to get
               a look at his various parlour tricks.

               he leans closer to a young woman.  closer.  candles around
               them start to melt.  beads of sweat drip down her face.

                                   johnny
                         what do you say we get out of here? 

               she pauses.  and...a very large man steps up.

                                   johnny (cont'd)
                         this your boyfriend?

               the boyfriend doesn't look too happy.

                                   boyfriend
                         is that all you do?  bar tricks and
                         stealing chicks...

               johnny does one more trick...taps the guy's drink...igniting
               it into a burst of flame.  the boyfriend drops the glass,
               which smashes on the ground...catches the floor on fire.

               the boyfriend quickly moves in and stamps it out.

                                   girlfriend
                         what are you doing?!  you could have
                         burned somebody!

               the boyfriend takes his girlfriend's hand, they start to walk
               off.  she turns back for one last comment...

                                   girlfriend (cont'd)
                         you know, if i had your power i'd be
                         doing something with it, not wasting
                         my time doing cheap bar tricks,
                         hitting on some other guy's girl.

               johnny looks a little embarrassed.  the couple leaves. 
               johnny glances around.  his fans look down, away.  he sees
               how quickly they can turn.  the crowd parts slightly.  he
               looks very alone.

