               int. nyc arena - track - day

               ronnie jams down the track, kicking dirt back at johnny. 
               johnny now wears a motocross outfit over his uniform, with
               the number "004" on the back and a small 4 over his heart. 
               ronnie hits the first hill, and catches air, flipping high!

                                   x games announcer
                         a rock-solid double-flip!

               the crowd goes wild.  now it's johnny's turn.  he hits the
               hill and pulls the exact same move.  with even more height!

                                   x games announcer (cont'd)
                         look at that lift, ladies and
                         gentlemen!

               johnny sticks the landing.  the crowd swells.  ronnie
               tightens, pulls his throttle harder, taking the next jump,
               and...making an insane move, corkscrewing in the air!

                                   x games announcer (cont'd)
                         frontside 360!  he's totally flat and
                         whipped!

               he lands clean.  the crowd is ready to explode.  johnny revs
               his engine, his body starting to steam, adrenaline burning. 
               he hits the hill, and pulls an even gnarlier spin!

                                   x games announcer (cont'd)
                         whoa!  that's a...what is that?  a
                         720?

               johnny lands.  the crowd roars.  ronnie bears down on the
               last hill.  he leans over his handlebars.

                                   x games announcer (cont'd)
                         he's going for a kiss of death!

               ronnie hits the hill, pulls this jaw-dropping death-defying
               stunt!  the crowd is deafening!  ronnie smiles.  and...
               
               johnny speeds faster, faster.  trails of flame start to
               streak off his back!  he races like a rocket up the hill! 
               launching to impossible heights!  spinning like a top!  a
               flaming blur!

               and now for the really impressive part: johnny's bike starts
               to drop, but johnny keeps rising!  he flames on, spiraling
               upward!  for a few seconds, he's actually...almost...flying.

                                   x games announcer (cont'd)
                             (hand over mic)
                         is he......flying?

               a beat.  time suspended.  and...whhm!  he plummets back down! 
               lands on his bike in mid-air!  and sticks a perfect landing,
               maybe even kicking a little dirt up at ronnie.  johnny
               swerves to a stop, with a "holy shit" look on his face.  what
               the hell just happened??

                                   x games announcer (cont'd)
                         unbelievable, ladies and gentlemen! 
                         you've just seen the first...the
                         first...torchflight!  the mctorch!

               a new name is born.  the crowd goes berserk.  standing
               ovation.  riders rush up to johnny.  kenny sees his bike:

               the seat melted, wheels burned off.  johnny smiles.

                                   johnny
                         my bad.  sorry about that.
                             (a glance to ronnie)
                         thanks for the lesson, bro.

               hot girls swarm.  as johnny gets swallowed by fans, we see a
               scary thing flicker in his eyes: the birth of a star.

