               ext. brooklyn bridge - accident - day

               reed races through wreckage.  he tries to see over a big
               truck, and his neck streeetches!

               he finally sees...ben.  reed wraps around a car, and...boo! 
               his face snakes right in front of ben.  ben jumps.

                                   ben
                         what the --!

                                   reed
                         ben.  are you okay?

                                   ben
                         am i okay?!  you wanna explain that?! 

               he motions to reed's neck.  then to his own body:

                                   ben (cont'd)
                         or this?!  what the hell am i? 'cause
                         i sure ain't ben anymore.

               reed opens his mouth, but he has no answer.  not yet.

                                   sue (o.s.)
                         reed!  ben!  look out!

               ben spins, looking for sue.  he can't see her.  but he does
               see...a car inches away, with gas tank flaming!

               boooom!  the first car blows!  booom!boooom!booooom!  empty
               cars blow in a chain-reaction.  the flames are mushrooming! 

               reed swipes his arms out, holding people back.  his arms
               flatten to form a barricade -- faces indent his skin.

               flames lash out.  a pack of attractive young women scream. 
               johnny leaps toward them.  his feet leave the ground, giving
               him extra lift.  he spins, lands, and embraces the women,
               shielding them from flames which burn up his back.  he looks
               the ladies up and down, and gives a cheesy smile.

               sue screams.  she puts her hands up (a normal reflex).  the
               air seems to ripple around her hands, like force-fields.

               she looks at them, surprised, confused.  her invisible fields
               spiral out, partially containing the blast.  but the flames
               hurtle closer.  she fights the pressure.  blood trickles from
               her nose.  just as the white hot blast is about to hit her... 

               sue is dressed again.  visible.  she screams, and pushes the
               force down into the road!  she collapses, as the blast
               deflects off the street and into...

               an oncoming firetruck!  boooom!  the firetruck is knocked off
               the ground, slewing sideways.  brakes scream.  its tail
               slashes out, punching through the guard-rail.

               the back of the truck dangles out, hundreds of feet above the
               water!  firemen hang off the back and sides.  the truck
               teeters, falling!  ben wastes no time.  he grabs onto the
               front of the truck, just as it goes off the side!

               he digs his heels into the ground, but his feet drag across
               the concrete, digging grooves into the street.

               on the dangling firetruck: firemen climb out, clawing toward
               the bridge.  their truck swings.  bits and pieces tumble down
               at them -- a hose, an axe, a helmet.  all deadly now.  the
               hanging ladder swoops down, with men riding on it!

               ben screams!  straining with all his might.  ben screams! 
               his muscles ripple, and...he takes his first step...back. 
               another scream.  another step.  another.  another.  epic,
               painful.

               he is pulling the truck back onto the bridge, inch by inch. 
               his footsteps thud.  with monumental effort, he levels the
               truck.  firemen scurry over hoses and ladders, some climbing
               over ben.

               reed tends to sue who has fainted from her effort.  ben steps
               back from the truck and slumps to the street exhausted.  wary
               cops close in to cover him with weapons, but...

               the firemen slowly begin to applaud.  the crowd of onlookers
               joins in as well.  sue, reed, and johnny seem surprised,
               touched by the reaction.  but ben seems uncomfortable. 

               firemen step forward to offer reed a couple of their coats;
               he hands one to johnny and uses the other to cover sue.

