               int. von doom conference room - night

               from their vantage point, they see the missile explode. 
               flames dance. sue's eyes darken, as doom grips her neck.

               reed tries desperately to move, but he is frozen.  it takes
               every last ounce of strength to lift one finger, which makes
               a craccckkkking sound.

                                   doom
                         one more down.  now it's just the
                         scientist and his specimen.

               sue and reed lock eyes.  reed tries to move his mouth.  he
               has something to tell her, struggling just to move his lips
               and get the words out.

                                   reed
                         sue.  the only thing i ever knew
                         without thinking was...
                             (his lips fully freezing)
                         i...love...

               he starts to say "you," but his lips freeze, mid-word.  sue
               whispers to him:

                                   sue
                         me too, reed.

               doom steps toward sue, about to deliver the final blow.

                                   doom
                             (quiet, cruel)
                         and so four became none.  it's my time
                         now.

               boooom!  an elevator door flies into the room!  smash!

                                   voice (o.s.)
                         actually, vic...

               reed recognizes the voice.  so do we.  doom turns to see... 

               ben grimm, aka the thing.  back in rocky, fighting form.

                                   ben
                         it's clobbering time!

               doom turns, just as --

               bam!  ben hits doom harder than any living thing has ever
               been hit.  the force sends doom back through the air, toward
               the far wall, where he smashes into the massive "v"
               sculpture.  it snaps, crashing onto him.  a few sparks.  then
               nothing.

               nothing at all.  no more movement.  doom is dead.

               ben turns to reed.

                                   ben (cont'd)
                         damn, i've been wanting to do that.

               reed manages the thinnest smile as ben starts disconnecting
               the tubes from reed.

                                   ben (cont'd)
                             (reed's words)
                         victor's "not that bad," huh?  just "a
                         little larger than life"?  maybe
                         you'll listen to me next time before --

               whmm!  the wreckage shifts.  they turn to see...doom emerges. 
               he stands, power coursing.  and he charges at ben!  ben
               charges back.  and these two behemoths...

               slam into each other, crashing through glass, into thin air!!

