               ext. brooklyn house - night

               debbie steps out.  there is "welcome home" sign over the
               door.  she looks out.  the wind blows softly.  something
               shifts in the darkness.  debbie pulls her robe tighter.

                                   debbie
                         ben?

                                   ben (o.s.)
                         don't come any closer for a sec.  this
                         is gonna be kind of a shock... you
                         remember when we said "together
                         forever no matter what"?

                                   debbie
                         baby, you're scaring me.

               a hanging beat.  and ben...steps into the light, where we see
               him for the first time: he's huge, easily twice the size he
               once was, and an orangy rocky surface covers his entire body.

               debbie sees him.  fear washes over her, not sure what to
               think.  he reaches out, a little tentative.  she flinches
               back.

                                   debbie
                         oh my g-g-g.  what did you...do to
                         ben?

                                   ben
                         deb, it's me.  it's still me.

               he reaches out.  she recoils.  it's too much for her.  tears
               swell in her eyes.  covering her mouth, she backs away.

               he takes a step closer.  she backs away faster, tripping over
               her robe, falling into the street.  a car screeches to a
               halt.  ben instinctively steps out to help, but she scurries
               back.

                                   debbie
                         don't...don't...don't touch me!

               her shout wakes neighbors.  lights flicker on.  ben knows he
               has to go.  he looks at debbie, sensing this is the last time
               he'll see her.  she trembles, terrified.  his eyes go moist.

                                   ben
                         i love you, deb.

               with that, he turns away.  the "welcome home" sign flutters,
               falls to the ground.  a tragic tableau.  as more lights go on
               around him, ben picks up his pace, speeding into the dawn.

