               ext. brooklyn bridge - day

               we swoop toward this epic monument.  on a steel girder above
               the road, we see...a statue.  ben.  he sits on the edge of
               the beams, staring down at the river below, brooding,
               muttering.

                                   ben
                         a few days in space, it'll be great,
                         what's the worst that could happen?

               a pigeon flutters past him, and drops a white gooey gift on
               his shoulder.  ben just glares up at the heavens.

                                   ben (cont'd)
                         perfect.  thanks.

               he hears the sound of someone sobbing.  he turns to see...a
               distraught businessman with a briefcase.  the man drops his
               case, which plummets hundreds-of-feet into the river.

               the businessman looks out, ready to jump.  he doesn't see ben
               (or doesn't realize ben is not a statue).

                                   ben (cont'd)
                         you think you got trouble?  take a
                         good look, pal, how bad could it be?

               the businessman looks at ben, terrified.  ben steps forward.

                                   ben (cont'd)
                         okay, easy there, buddy.

               backpedaling, the man slips, falling toward the roadway!  his
               arms flail, grabbing a narrow beam -- his fingers hold tight
               while his legs thrash over speeding traffic.  cars and trucks
               skim right underfoot.  ben shakes his head.

                                   ben (cont'd)
                         you had to choose my spot, didn't you?

               ben steps out to help, but...his weight bends the beam!  the
               businessman loses his grip!  he falls to the road, landing
               hard on the highway!  a few pedestrians see ben.  they point. 

               ben looks up, deer in headlights.  he sees a massive truck
               bearing down on the businessman.

                                   ben (cont'd)
                         this is really not my day.

               ben drops to the street.  whoompf!  he lands in front of the
               businessman, sweeps him out of the way with one arm, and
               turns to the oncoming 18 wheeler cab.

               the driver slams his brakes, eyes wide.  the truck swerves,
               but cannot stop!  time slows to syrup, as ben looks a little
               scared.  he shuts his eyes, and...

               shoulder-blocks the incoming truck!  a football move.  the
               truck buckles, popping a wheelie, crumpling all the way to
               the windshield!  it looks like a metal car-compactor.

               the truck swerves hard, its tail smashing into steel girders. 
               cars screech, swerve, slamming into each other, causing a
               four-lane traffic accident!  windows shatter, fires flicker. 
               one of the cars in an nypd cruiser.  cops clamber out.

