               ext. new york city street - same time

               on the street, cars scream to stops, people gasp.  doom
               strides up to ben, and raises the electricity pole for the
               death-blow.  currents surge.  right before he swings down --

                                   voice (o.s.)
                         i can't let you do that.

               simple, strong.  doom turns to see...reed.  alone.  bruised
               and battered.  slowly stepping toward him.  doom smiles.

                                   doom
                         and you can't stop me.

               he turns back to ben, raises the pole, but...he can't swing
               down!  something is holding the pole in mid-air.

               something invisible.

                                   doom (cont'd)
                         hello susan.

               she turns visible, holding back the pole with a forcefield. 
               using her power, she flings the pole from doom's grip.  it
               skids along the street.  reed helps ben to his feet.

               doom turns to these three wounded soldiers.

                                   doom (cont'd)
                         what is this?  the pitiful three?

               doom steps toward them, but --

                                   voice (o.s.)
                         four.

               whooosh!  johnny swoops down, hurling a fireball like a
               flamethrower, knocking doom back.

               johnny takes his place alongside the others.  the four of
               them stand as one.  johnny turns to thing.

                                   johnny
                         had a little relapse, huh?

               thing starts to retort, but johnny gives a warm smile.

                                   johnny (cont'd)
                         welcome back.

               they turn to doom, who stands with metal skin slightly singed
               and melted, making him look all the more menacing.

                                   doom
                         this is going to be fun.

               electricity starts to course through his body.  he stands at
               the foot of the crater ben made.  he thrusts down, grabbing a
               thick power cable, ripping it out of the street!

               he snaps the cable into two snaking, lashing strips.  he
               holds tight, absorbing the power.  lights flicker and dim in
               buildings around him.  windows blow!  doom glows, amped up. 

               he lets go of the cables!  the two deadly wires snake out of
               control!  pedestrians scatter, panic.  reed sees the wires
               slashing through the air.  he makes a move:

               reed streeetches his arms, reaching for the deadly cables. 

               doom fires superpowered energy bolts.  the electric charges
               surge through the air toward the fantastic four, but --

               sue tosses her force-fields, exploding doom's blasts in mid-
               flight.  she keeps her hands up, blocking blows like a prize
               fighter.  one of doom's bolts glances off her force-field
               and --

               smashes into a concrete stanchion of a building!  the pillar
               starts to crumble, with people huddled under the overhang! 
               they're about to be crushed by the falling concrete!  but -- 

               suddenly, the concrete roof holds steady...because...ben is
               holding it up!  he stands beside the stanchion, like atlas
               holding the world.  people run out, safe.

               on the street: reed finally grabs both ends of the wire.

                                   reed
                         johnny!  spot-weld!

               johnny flies toward him, and uses his flames to weld the
               wires back together.  sparks fly.  the cables start to fuse. 

               doom keeps firing.  sue struggles with her force-fields.  the
               impact is too much.  her nose starts to bleed.

                                   sue
                         can't...hold...on...

               doom smiles.  reed sees her.  she is about to drop her hands,
               vulnerable, but..............reed stretches his whole body! 

               he expands himself across the street, and grabs a tree, so he
               forms a wall between sue and doom.

               doom keeps firing his bolts.  they slam into reed's body,
               rubberband his skin, and distend out his back without
               breaking.  he strains, agonizing.

                                   reed
                         johnny.  supernova.

                                   johnny
                         but all these people...

                                   reed
                         now.

               johnny charges toward doom -- flames on his body starting
               build to a blinding white intensity, engulfing everything.
               johnny grabs doom.

                                   thing
                             (quiet, smiling)
                         flame on, kid.

               flash!  johnny explodes in a pulse of bright white light,
               which starts to heat up everything surrounding it.  reed
               doesn't miss a beat.  he's in total command now.

                                   reed
                         sue, i need some of that anger, rage,
                         frustration --

                                   sue
                             (looking at doom)
                         i'm sure i can come up with something.

               she concentrates.  she sees johnny holding onto doom -- and
               the growing heat and light.

               sue shuts her eyes.  a giant force field explodes from her
               body.  a massive wave of energy.  it swoops past a car, which
               warps, melts (half the car is not inside the force-field). 

               thing turns to the crowd, extending his arm, blocking them.
               sue's force-field envelops johnny's supernova, containing it
               in a bright sphere of energy.  the light increases, to the
               point that it's blinding.  people look away.

               finally, johnny's supernova fades.  he collapses to the
               ground, exhausted, smoking.  sue exhales and falls to her
               knees.  her force field fades.  the light flickers out.  as
               everyone's eyes adjust, we hear...thud.  thud.  and --

               doom steps through the smoke.  unharmed.  his metallic body
               glows white, trailing molten metal.  sue, ben, johnny look
               devastated.  they can't beat him.  he looks at reed.

                                   doom
                         is that the best you can do...?  a
                         little heat...?

               reed stays perfectly calm.  he shakes his head.

                                   reed
                         time for your lesson, vic.  chem 101:
                         what happens when you supercool hot
                         metal...?
                             (to ben)
                         ben...

                                   ben
                         got it, teach.

               he kicks open the fire hydrant.  the water geysers up!  ben
               kicks down with his foot, deflecting the water so it sprays
               toward reed, who...twists his torso so...

               the water curls around his chest, races down his arms, and
               shoots right off his wrists toward doom!

                                   doom
                         no.

               doom rushes toward reed, but the water flies out, dousing
               doom.  giant clouds of steam fill the air from the cooling
               metal.  doom screams.  his shrieks finally fade to silence. 

               the water stops, thick steam clouds roll, completely
               obscuring doom from view.  a beat.  the steam clears to
               reveal:

               doom.  a true statue now -- a hard, cold solid piece of
               metal.  frozen forever.  reed, sue, ben, and johnny -- the
               fantastic four -- exhale.  they stand as one, in roiling
               smoke.  a beat.

                                   johnny
                         damn, i love this job.

               reed and sue slowly lock eyes, thinking the same thing.

                                   ben
                         job, huh...?

               will they accept their mantle?  reed shrugs.

                                   reed
                         well, we do have the suits...

               they give weary smiles.  a team.  sue gets close to reed.

                                   sue
                         you know, about what we said up there,
                         i think maybe --

               thhm!  he kisses her.  his neck extending.  strong, powerful. 
               he pulls back slightly, smiles at her.  a new strength in
               him.

                                   ben
                         funny how things turn out, isn't it?

               sue looks at reed.  a long way from that conference room.

                                   sue
                         hilarious.

               as they kiss, people emerge, stepping out of hiding.  the sun
               rises around them.  the fantastic four step into the new dawn
               of a new day.  and we slowly dissolve to --

