ext. street (matrix) - day

the phone booth is obliterated.  miraculously, choi and the woman  are
still under the cover of  the jacket. throwing the smoking  jacket off
them, choi screams in agony as  he grasps the smoldering stump of  his
right shoulder. the arm is history.

the woman looks on,  her eyes as wide  as dinner plates. shaking,  she
falls back, still staring.

                                 choi

                         "you weren’t lucky."

morpheus, niobe, and trinity rush to him, picking him up on his  feet.
choi is  screaming and  laughing. someone  grabs his  smoldering coat,
dragging it along. choi stares at the ex-flame as they cart him  away.
his eyes are crazy.

                                 choi

              "you still want me to call you? ha ha ha!"

as they struggle down the street, choi starts to walk more on his own.
people run from the scene, screaming.

                        cu - the four of them.

morphues looks  at something  off-screen and  frowns. he  pulls to the
left.

                               morpheus

                             "this way."

tanks and  troops are  filling into  the street  ahead of them, coming
from around the corner.

they turn onto a different  street. this street, too, is  filling with
troops. worse, it’s being lead by agent brown.

                                niobe

                         "tanks, or agents?"

                               trinity

                               "tanks."

                                 choi

                         "yeah, tanks a lot."

they break. choi stands on his own, and they run back onto the  street
with the tanks.

cu: tanks

three abrams stop in the  street. their turrets swing into  place with
terrifying quickness and precision.

at once,  they open  fire with  their main  cannons and machines guns.
fire flowers blaze from the death machines, sending a typhoon of  lead
down the street.  troops filed between  the tanks pull  their triggers
and don’t let go. everything in the street is shredded and blown away,
as though it was hit by a high-power pressure hose.

with unearthly  speed, everyone  breaks for  the sides  of the street,
except for choi. he stands amid  it all as the tracers come  closer to
his body. he raises his machine  gun with his good arm, and  lays into
the enemy.

tracer rounds kick away from  his gun, ripping straight back  into the
wall  of soldiers.  his rounds  deflect off  the sloped  armor of  the
tanks, recoils pile into the flesh  of troops. he rakes his fire  into
the enemy bodies.

cu: choi

tracers zoom in on  him. a tank round  blasts by, and the  wall of air
kicks him to his side. he continues to fire even as a bullet, followed
by  another, blasts  through the  middle of  his body.  more and  more
bullets smack into  him, blasting chunks  of meat and  viscera out the
back.


