     ext. minefield

     the airborne humvee lands on its side, hits another mine, is
     blown into the air, lands on its back, and is blown to pieces.

     troy sits sideways as the truck slides across the sand to a
     halt inches before a mine, 30 yards behind the wrecked humvee.

     silence. a wheel on the wrecked humvee spin in the air,
     squeaking.

     louis vuitton suitcases are scattered all over. one has
     opened and the gold bars are spilled around.

     shiites stagger to their feet, some cut and bleeding, some
     limping. they cover their faces with their clothes as the
     dense brown fog descends around them.

     vig's right eye has taken shrapnel and is bloody mess -- he
     gropes in the sand for his glasses as blood drips down.

     archie puts his gas mask on the little girl with arm casts.
     doc takes his mask off when he sees what archie has done and
     gives it to the shiite man in glasses.

     doc picks up vig's glasses and hands them to vig, who stands,
     blinking his one good eye, while blood streams down his face.

                         doc
               cover your face, conrad. cover
               your mouth, man.

     vig is in shock. doc lifts vig's bloody hand to vig's mouth.
     unseen in the fog, troy climbs out of the overturned truck.

     he picks up two vuitton hat cases, looks up, sees the two
     little children from the humvee, running across a mine field
     screaming.

                         troy
               hey. stop.

     troy stands watching as the children run farther away, crying.

                         troy
               goddamn it.

     he runs, hard, after the children, who are now 70 yards away,
     the vuitton hat cases banging against his legs.

     doc pulls a syringe from a sterile packet, is about to stick
     it into his leg when archie grabs his hand.

                         archie gates
               don't do it, this isn't sarin.
               we'd be dead by now.

                         doc
               is it mustard?

                         archie gates
               it's c.s.

                         doc
               what's that?

                         archie gates
               tear gas times ten, but it's not
               lethal. where's barlow?

                         doc
               i don't know.

