     ext. bunker - day

     four new iraqi soldiers, armed with rifles, run from the far
     side of the square and start shooting.

     30 rock-throwing shiite scatter at the gunfire. two men fall
     to the ground as they are shot.

                         child
               ma-maa.

     vig looks terrified as the crowd scatters, leaving him alone
     as he points his big unloaded pistol. the soldiers point
     their rifles as they come towards vig, when suddenly two of
     them look to the side and shout.

                         armed iraqi soldier
               ganan azwar!

     pan to a shiny metal tanker truck three hundred yards out,
     bearing down fast on the village square.

     the soldiers open fire on the truck.

     int - the cab of the tanker truck

     the shiite riding shotgun fires back, as the windshield
     shatters on the truck. the driver is dead. the other shiite
     grabs the wheel.

     back to the scene

     archie bursts out the front door, followed by troy and doc.
     they freeze as --

     the tanker truck careens sideways toward them, 50 feet away.

     an iraqi soldier fires a grenade-launcher off his shoulder
     which explodes the container on the back of the truck --

     milk explodes everywhere, gushing around the wheels of the
     humvee and the feet of archie and the others.

     shiite women with plastic containers and ceramic jugs rush
     out from alleys and try to scoop up the milk. other shiites
     crowd the humvee and climb in.

     iraqi soldiers drag two bodies from the cab of the truck.
     troy and doc point their guns in the crowd.

                         archie gates
               move. out of the way.

     archie shoves shiite peasants out of the humvee.

                         shiite woman
               hos-pital.

     she holds a shirtless boy of 7 with a bandage around his
     entire chest. doc pushes her off the humvee.

                         shiite man
               america help.

     he grabs archie. troy shoves the man off the vehicle. vig
     starts the engine.

                         archie gates
               give them mre's.

     troy rips open a large duffel and starts handing out army
     meal rations to the crowd -- vig leans on the horn.

     the friendly iraqi jumps into the rear of the hummer as it
     starts to pull away. archie shoves the friendly iraqi out,
     and he lands on his ass in the swarm of chasing shiites.

     archie and troy look back at the debacle as they pull away.

