     ext. iraqi desert - day

     wide angle pov of wide open desert, flat grey sky.

     the camera is running forward, toward a big sand berm in the
     distance. there are o.s. sounds: soldier's equipment
     clanking, boots running on sand. hear a man's breathing.

     the back of his helmeted head and his uniformed shoulders
     appear in the bottom of the frame, running. this is troy
     barlow, sargeant, u.s. army, 25 years old. on his helmet is
     a photo-button with a photo of a newborn baby.

     suddenly, on the sand berm 100 meters ahead, an iraqi soldier
     stands. troy stops in his tracks, out of breath, and stares
     at the figure on the berm. the iraqi flutters a white flag
     over his head, then puts it down and picks up a gun. troy
     turns around, we see his face for the first time.

                         troy
               are we shooting people, or what?

                         soldier #1 (o.s.)
               are we shooting?

                         troy
               that's what i'm asking you.

                         soldier #1 (o.s.)
               what's the answer?

                         troy
               i don't know the answer. that's
               what i'm trying to find out.

     pan to three soldiers 40 yards away -- zoom in --

     soldier #1 unwraps a stick of gum and puts it into his mouth.
     two other soldiers put out their hands and get pieces of gum.

     pan to 100 yards away -- zoom in -- soldier #2 stands with
     his head tilted back while soldier #3 looks into his eye.

                         soldier #3
               it looks like a grain of sand, but
               i don't know how i'm gonna get it
               out--

     captain van meter, 37, crab-like, is in the far distance.

                         captain van meter
               if they surrender, don't shoot, if
               they don't surrender, then shoot.

     pan back to troy, faces the camera, close, scared, then turns
     back to the dune and runs a few yards.

     stops and stares, raises his rifle.  he aims at the figure on
     the horizon.

     pov through rifle scope

     the iraqi soldier in the cross hairs. hear troy's breathing,
     loud, as he pulls trigger slowly.  slow motion rifle sound.

     silent pause. the iraqi soldier stands there, then his neck
     explodes like a sack of blood. silent, except for sound of
     troy's loud breathing as he walks toward the big berm, and up
     to the crest. all we hear are his footsteps and breathing.

                         soldier #3 (o.s.)
               that guy just shot a towel head.

                         soldier #4 (o.s.)
               bullshit.

     young iraqi soldier

     lies on the ground. a piece of his neck is blown away. he is
     rasping, a flag is clasped in one hand; a rifle in the other.
     he is looking up at troy, who looks down at him.

                                              smash cut to

     fantasy - int. hospital, torrance, cal. - day

     a white baby girl, covered in blood and placenta, is pulled
     from between the legs of troy's wife, darlene. the nurse
     holds the screaming baby aloft, proud and happy.

                         vig (v.o.)
                      (deep southern accent)
               congratulations, you got yourself
               a rag head, my man.

