     ext. desert - day - high wide shot

     'i get around' by the beach boys blasts as the humvee speeds
     along. a big american flag flaps in the breeze from a pole at
     the back of the hummer.

     the humvee drives fast into the central square of a small
     village of low, sand-colored stucco buildings and shanties.

     vig drives as the humvee speeds around the town square,
     zooming past scared shiites in black robes, a few skinny
     dogs, a few bewildered iraqi soldiers.

                         vig
               where's the bunker?

                         archie gates
               it should be right --

     he studies the map and points to a decayed green building.

                         archie gates
               there.

     vig jerks the wheel right.  they drive fast.

                         archie gates
               no -- there.

     archie points left. vig jerks the wheel left, drives straight
     toward a low cement building with two iraqi soldiers in front.

     iraqi soldiers look scared as the humvee drives up, like it's
     going to hit them, and stops, flag fluttering in the breeze.

     vig stands and speaks into a megaphone.

                         vig
               we are the army of the united
               states of america. we are here to
               protect you. remain calm.

     troy and doc leap from the humvee with pistols drawn and
     their free hands held up in a 'halt' sign. the two iraqi
     guards look stunned as troy and doc simply take their machine
     guns and put the iraqis face down on the ground. troy and doc
     pull out plastic twist hand-cuffs, as used in urban riots.

     archie bounds forward holding up a thick white document.

                         archie gates
               orders from president bush, step
               aside.

     troy finishes handcuffing one of the iraqi soldiers, as a
     gaunt mother, with a baby in her arms, opens her blouse,
     revealing her small breasts. other peasants gather.

                         iraqi mother
               no milk. baby milk.

     troy looks shocked until archie suddenly pushes him past the
     iraqi mother and to the door of the bunker, which doc holds.

