     int. bunker

     it is dimly lighted by a few mounted emergency lights.

     archie and doc run down the empty stairs, through the big
     main room -- it is empty. archie goes down the right side,
     kicks open a door --

     it's the bathroom full of stolen stuff and cell phones --

     doc goes down the left side of the room -- kicks in a door --
     a room full of benneton sweaters in all colors.

     archie kicks in a door -- a room with shelves full of large
     snow globes, thousands of them.

     doc kicks in a door -- a room cluttered with debris, but
     there is another door at the far side of the room. he
     approaches and kicks it repeatedly, without success.

     archie kicks in a door -- it is pitch black -- an emergency
     light flickers on and off -- revealing the two iraqi
     torturers at the control table, where one tries to fix the
     emergency light with a screwdriver --

     in flickering light -- archie shoots one iraqi guard squarely
     in the chest, then the other -- the only sound is the gun
     popping and the bullets tearing into their bodies.

     archie turns to the interrogator, who stands next to troy.

                         interrogator
               it's ok, buddy, we are just
               talking now --

     slightly slow motion -- archie shoots the interrogator in the
     thigh. the only sound is gun shooting, flesh tearing --

     blood thinly splatters across troy's face as the interrogator
     grimaces and falls to the floor. the light flicks on a few
     beats, then off a few beats.

     archie rips the wires from the table controls, goes to troy,
     unhinges the wire from his jaw.

     the interrogator writhes in pain on the ground. archie takes
     the interrogator's pistol, snaps open a knife, cuts the cord
     binding troy to the chair and gives troy the pistol.

     troy sits, stained with oil, blood, tears. he gets up, looks
     down at the interrogator on the floor, points the pistol into
     the interrogator's face.

     the interrogator stares at troy, who stares back. archie
     watches, out of breath. troy fires the gun just to the side
     of the interrogator's face, into the ground. the interrogator
     looks terrified, crying. troy stares back, looks unhappy,
     lowers the gun.

     troy and archie look at each other for an intense moment.

                         archie gates
               let's go.

