     ext. desert - later

     imam hands two gold bars to a shiite peasant, who takes them
     and moves on. there are two long lines of shiite peasants
     patiently waiting to get their gold, as it is handed out by
     imam and another shiite while, archie, troy, and doc watch.
     shiites stash their gold bars inside their clothing and bags.

     later

     everyone sits and waits: archie, troy, doc, imam, his
     daughter, 105 shiite peasants.

     troy looks pained, then releases the valve on the tube
     sticking through his chest bandage and there is a hiss of
     air. he looks relieved.

     there is the sound of distant motors rumbling. an approaching
     convoy in the desert: six open u.s. personnel trucks, led by
     a humvee.

     archie, troy, doc, imam, his daughter, dozens of shiites
     watch the convoy approaching -- they hold their guns ready.

     the u.s. military trucks and the humvee pull up to the bunker.

     walter stands in the front of the humvee with hash, both
     wearing sand goggles as they pull up -- walter salutes.

                         havichon
               quelle gonzesse, archie, you got
               yourself shot.

                         archie gates
               those better be words of sympathy.

     6 army drivers, among them the disillusioned infantrymen
     interviewed by bill smithson earlier, get out of their
     vehicles, greeted by doc, archie, and imam.

     walter walks up, carrying a medical pack.

                         walter
               watcha doing out here, troy?

     they bang fists in greeting.

                         troy
               protecting the free peoples of the
               world, walter, you know how it is.

                         walter
               we better get you fixed up to go
               home to the land of the brave.

     walter pushes an i.v. needle into troy's arm.

                         troy
               give me that penicillin, baby.

     doc pushes an i.v. needle into archie's arm and tapes the
     penicillin sack to archie's shirt.

                         havichon
               where ees bullion at, my man?

                         archie gates
               bullion ees buried. i'll show you
               after we get these people to the
               border.

                         havichon
               iranian border?

                         archie gates
               part of the deal.

                         havichon
               c'est super, archie, you got
               yourself a pain in the ass mission
               of mercy.

                         walter
               sorry i fucked up the code, sir.

                         archie gates
               it means we gotta move. they might
               be coming for us.

     bach's "gloria" plays powerfully.

     shiites pile into the six open trucks. the lone oil can full
     of gold is loaded, as well. imam and his daughter are helped
     into a truck by doc. archie whistles loud from the front seat
     of the humvee -- which leads the way as the convoy pulls out.

     doc, in the back of a truck with shiites, waves.

     troy smiles as he sits in the back of a crowded truck with
     imam, his daughter, and other shiites.

     high, wide curving helicopter shot

     the six truck convoy, led by the humvee, rolls across the two-
     lane desert road.

