int. paul's room. day

paul bursts in. the place is a mess. and it's empty!

                        paul
            oh god, please lord.

in the corridor

he careens out of the room.

and sees gregoire coming with a group of militia.

                        gregoire
            that's him. that's rusesabagina!
            they charge toward paul.

then a roar of gunfire. the ceiling and walls around gregoire explode.

general bizimungu's men run up with weapons drawn.

                        hutu soldier
            get out, or i'll shoot you.

paul rushes to the stairs.

more gunfire echoes (soldiers clearing the militia).

at the stairs - paul races upward, falls, pushes past others struggling
to get down.

at the roof - now, there are clumps of refugees who have fled up there,
including xavier who huddles in a corner.

                        paul
            tatiana! oh god. have you seen tatiana?

paul runs to the edge of the roof, looks over.

sees: bodies - women, and children, still, on the ground beneath, by a
row of hedge.

                        paul (cont'd)
            (screams in agony)
            tatiana!
            the bodies move, look up, it's not them. it's refugees hiding. paul,
            delirious with fear, runs along the parapet.

below he sees soldiers herding the militia.

he runs back to the stairs.

inside the staircase: he jumps four stairs at a time.

inside the corridor: soldiers are chasing off the militia.

to his room: paul staggers in, crazed with fear. he looks under the
bed.

into the bathroom - empty.

he's about to run out again, sees the connecting door to the adjoining
hotel room is slightly open.

into the adjoining room: it's empty, then a whimper.

from the bathroom, he moves in, cautious.

in the bathroom: nothing. he moves over, pulls back the shower curtain.

reveals: a cluster of women and children, the older ones holding hands
over the mouths of the younger ones. and there at the back: tatiana and
his kids.

                        paul (cont'd)
            it's alright, they're gone.

tears, hugs, women tremble.

