int. riepers' house/kitchen/dining room/laundry - morningseries of very quick shots . . .

pauline doing housework: sweeping floors, ironing, hanging washing, folding, dusting, cleaning bath . . .

pauline
(diary v.o.) i rose at 5:30 this morning and did housework before 8 o'clock, including taking wendy her breakfast in bed. i feel very pleased with myself on the whole and also the future.

pauline spins around and stares straight into the camera.

pauline
(diary v.o.) we are so brilliantly clever.

ilam grounds - daywhack! a tennis ball is hit by a racquet.

hilda and walter perry are playing mixed doubles on the court laid out in the ilam grounds, behind the house.

super: "two weeks later"

it's a sunny, festive afternoon. picnic blankets are laid out around the tennis court. tables of food and colourful awnings have been erected around the lawn.

henry is chatting to some friends beside the tennis courts.

thirty cars are filling the drive in front of the house. people are wandering around, admiring the gardens.

dr. bennett and his wife, pearl, are strolling along the edge of the river. suddenly . . .

splash!!! . . . dr. bennett and pearl are drenched in a shower of water as a large rock lands in the river beside them.

cut to:

pauline and juliet in the bushes across the river from the bennetts. juliet is peering through the foliage. pauline has just clearly hurled the rock.

juliet
direct hit! gave his trousers a good soaking! everyone will think he's peed himself!

they dissolve into giggles.

cut back:

to the bennetts . . . and some other guests as they hear the sound of giggling and rustling leaves.

cut to:

pauline and juliet strolling through the thick undergrowth, eating bunches of grapes and drinking straight from a sherry decanter.

juliet
(mouth full) bloody bill's sniffing around mummy something chronic.

they pause by a tree, with a clear view across the river to hilda and walter playing tennis.

pauline
i thought he was supposed to be terribly ill.

juliet
(sarcastic) that was what we were led to believe . . .

insert scene:

