	ext. countryside - morning

	it's perfectly still. we are looking down an empty two-lane 
	road covered with fresh snow. we see the girls slowly riding 
	out of the woods, talking. they cross the road and start up 
	into the woods on the other side... they are trying to sing a 
	liz phair song, "chopsticks"

				  grace/judith
			(singing)
		"i met him at a party and he told me how 
		he like to drive me home... he said he 
		liked to do it backwards..."

				  grace
			(singing)
		"... i said it--"

				  judith
	 		(singing)
		"... and i said that"...

				  grace
			(stops singing)
		no, wait, it just goes... "he said he 
		liked to do-"...

	suddenly there's the sound of the metal of judith's horse 
	scraping on some sheer ice hidden under the soft snow. judith 
	notices first...

				  judith
		what was --

	the horse staggers... judith looks to grace --

				  judith
		grace!

	the horse tries to find tracing with his hindfeet, kicking 
	up sprays of snow and ice shards. the horse suddenly falls on 
	the ice and goes down hard on its knees...

				  grace
		judith!

	the horse stumbles to get back on its feet, slipping again. 
	frightened, it rears and judith, caught off balance, is 
	thrown, her foot catching in the stirrup...

				  judith
		graaace!

	her horse, unable to find its balance, starts to slide backward 
	down the incline.

				  grace
		pilgrim, come on! move!

	grace, directly behind judith, tries to turn pilgrim to avoid 
	being hit by the errant horse.

	what follows, we see from grace's perspective. the details 
	that form the images and sounds of grace's mind are fast, 
	disembodies, almost surreal as --

	judith's horse bulldozes into pilgrim, taking his legs out 
	from under him, sending both horses careening down the icy 
	slope. grace hangs onto pilgrim's neck. judith, her leg 
	helplessly tangled in the stirrup, is dragged, her head 
	bouncing on the frozen ground.

	they slide all the way back down to the country road. pilgrim 
	is the first to find his legs and stand. grace manages to sit 
	up in the saddle. she sees judith's horse stumbling back onto 
	its feet, one of his legs broken at the ankles, walking in 
	confused circles, dragging judith -- her face bleeding, her 
	leg hanging from the stirrup.

				  grace
			(frightened)
		jude, you okay?

				  judith
			(softly, crying)
		i'm okay... i'm okay.

	she tries to extricate her leg from the stirrup.

	grace sees it before she hears it. a glint off of steel. we 
	then hear the rumbling sound of a truck coming around the 
	bend... the girls on their horses in the middle of the road... 
	the truck, an 18 wheeler carrying logging equipment, comes 
	around the turn... grace grabs the bridle, trying to get 
	judith's horse out of the road... the driver, seeing them, lays 
	on the air horn. the horses bolt at the sound, the bridle 
	slipping out of grace's hand...

				  grace
		juude!!!

	... the horses turn apart. the driver starts furiously 
	downshifting, trying to brake... he seems to get it under 
	control when suddenly the truck skids on some ice. it begins 
	to slide, out of control, the truck bed and the cab jack-
	knifing. the truck literally plows over the helpless judith 
	and her horse -- the horse going down on the pavement, judith 
	disappearing under him. the truck's cab, like a mythic 
	monster, heads right for grace and pilgrim... grace looks 
	right into the driver's helpless, frightened eyes... suddenly, 
	pilgrim rears up at the truck, sending grace flying, bouncing 
	her off the pavement and under the wheel of the truck.

	pilgrim instinctively jumps onto the hood of the truck, his 
	hooves caught between the rear-view mirrors like some 
	grotesque ornament. his head and chest slams into the window, 
	shattering through the glass.

	and then it is still.

	the truck has stopped halfway in the road. judith's horse 
	lies in the road, motionless. pilgrim, on the truck's hood, 
	his legs splayed, stuck, his head and chest, bleeding. he 
	shrieks, struggling to get to his feet. he manages to free 
	his legs and, stepping off the cab onto the road, walks off, 
	wounded, in pain, into the sanctuary of the woods...

	the driver stumbles out of the cab, his head bleeding, in 
	shock. he sits on the ground. all we hear is the sound of the 
	river and the wind in the trees.

	grace, halfway under the truck, frozen, stares up at the 
	beautiful morning sky.

	we hear the sound of a helicopter...

