continued:


                    sam (cont'd)
          no!

                                       in the twilight world:

                                                     angle on:

frodo finds himself in the weird twilight world...he looks
upon the ringwraiths, now visible in their true appearance:
five ghouls dressed in long grey robes, with white hair, and
pallid, ruthless faces. the witch king extends a haggard hand
towards frodo, reaching for the ring on his finger. frodo's
trembling hand extends forward as if by the pull of the
ring...he slides to the ground, unable to pull his hand away.
the witch king snarls and springs forward. he stabs at frodo
with a wicked dagger! frodo winces as the tip of the dagger
sinks into his shoulder. suddenly, strider charges at the
ringwraiths, wielding his sword in one hand, a flaming torch
in the other. he moves in slow motion, visible through a sea
of mist. frodo sinks to the ground. behind him is a faint
image of a ringwraith fleeing, his head engulfed in flames.
with draining strength, frodo manages to pull the ring off
his finger...

                                           in the real world:

...appearing back in the real world, sam rushes over to him.

                    sam (cont'd)
              (horrified)
          frodo!

another ringwraith is burning and screaming...others screech
fearfully at the flames, turn and flee form the weathertop
summit.

                    sam (cont'd)
              (panicked)
          mr. frodo!!

strider kneels before frodo. he snatches up the witch king's
dagger from the ground, staring gravely at the long, thin,
blade.

                    sam (cont'd)
          help him, strider!

                     strider
              (grim)
          he's been stabbed by a morgul blade. the
          morgul blade suddenly melts...vanishing
          into the air like smoke. strider throws
          the hilt down in disgust...

                                                 (continued)

                                                             57.
