continued:


fade up: isildur, son of the king of gondor, leads an army
across the plains of dagorlad...

                    galadriel (v.o.) (cont'd)
          a last alliance of men and elves marched
          against the armies of mordor.

                    galadriel (v.o.) (cont'd)
          on the slopes of mount doom they fought
          for the freedom of middle- earth.

teasing shots: the battle of dagorlad...the elf lord, elrond,

commands rank after rank of elven archers...orcs retreating
before the army of the last alliance...elendil holds aloft
the great sword....narsil!

                    galadriel
          victory was near!

images: the huge, dark figure of saruron, bearing the one
ring on his finger, looms over the field of battle...

                    galadriel (v.o.) (cont'd)
          but the power of the ring could not be
          undone.

image: sauron lays waste to the armies of the last alliance.
with desperate courage, elendil leads a charge...the black
mace of sauron lashes out!! image: elendil's body falls like
a crumpled rag doll... image: isildur cradles the body of his
father in his arms. the shadow of sauron falls over him...

                    galadriel (v.o.) (cont'd)
          it was in this moment..when all hope had
          faded, that isildur, son of the king,
          took up his father's sword.

isildur snatches up the broken blade of narsil..the blade
severs sauron's fingers... and the one ring flies from his
body.

                    galadriel (v.o.) (cont'd)
          sauron, the enemy of the free peoples of
          middle earth, was defeated. sauron's
          armor clatters to the ground. his body

gone....vaporized! close on: isildur picks up the severed
finger and removes the one ring...transfixed!

                    galadriel (v.o.) (cont'd)
          the ring passed to isildur...who had this
          one chance to destroy evil forever.

                                                    (continued)

                                                                 4.
