     ext.  "steel henge" - day

     it's very still, no wind.  the little group of pioneers is moving
     along a wire that passes close to the towering ruins of the
     wrecked spaceship.  they are tiny figures in the vast landscape.

     closer on todd and mace as they plod along in the line of
     pioneers.  mace indicates the wreck off to the right.

                                   mace
                    sandra said she told you how we
                    wound up here.  our parents and so
                    on.
                         (turning left,
                          indicating)
                    over here, we call these "catcher
                    trenches."

     todd follows his look to a long open trench leading, apparently, 
     nowhere.

                                   mace
                         (continuing)
                    smaller stuff that blows across the
                    ground, it falls in these trenches,
                    it works sort of like a filter.  we
                    go through the trenches sometimes
                    and get some good stuff.

     as they pass close along the trench,  todd looks in and observes
     the trench is knee deep in muddy water with rusty machine parts
     and assorted junk protruding.

     mace chuckles at the sight.

                                   mace
                    we try to work 'em when they're dry.
                    it's lousy going in there when
                    they're flooded.  you can see...

     a sudden shout, "heyyup!  yo!" distracts them.

     todd looks forward, sees red pointing to a chunk of steel a
     hundred yards off the wire.

     angle on jimmy pig, already fastening his safety rope and a
     second rope to the wire, then heading off toward the piece of
     steel, trailing the two ropes.

     angle on mace, explaining the procedure to todd.

                                   mace
                    whatever looks useful, if we can get
                    a rope to it, we'll go for it.  but
                    you can't ever go further than your
                    safety line because it'll come up on
                    you with sometimes maybe ten seconds
                    or even less.

     todd is watching jimmy pig as he approaches the piece of steel
     and starts to attach his rope to it.

                                   mace
                    like right now.  you hear that?

     todd listens.

     nothing at first...then a very faint whistling.  the sound he
     heard that first night when he was on the settlement "roof."

                                   mace
                    it's close when you hear that.

     todd can see jimmy pig.  he's attached the rope to the steel and
     he gives a signal.

     as pioneers start to haul on the line, pulling the steel toward
     them, mace shouts at jimmy pig.

                                   mace
                    she's gonna blow, jimmy.

     jimmy waves, starts back toward them.

     mace indicates for todd to help haul the steel and the two of
     them are just joining in the effort when...

     whoooooooooo!  the wind is sudden and ferocious!  it staggers
     them!

                                   mace
                    grab on, sergeant!

     todd follows mace's example and, like the others, grabs the wire
     and hangs on as the wind screams and tears at them.

     one of the pioneers, chester, shouts, points.

     they all see jimmy pig being blown faster than he can run, his
     legs churning desperately to keep up with his wind-propelled
     body.  to no avail!  he's suddenly airborne, his legs still
     churning like cartoon legs as he flaps helplessly at the end of
     his safety tether like a kite, fifty feet in the air.

     an eighty-pound steel barrel blows past, tumbling in the wind.
     bits of junk zip dangerously around like missiles.

     angle on the pioneers, crouched low on their knees against the
     wind, clutching the wire with one hand while they pull on jimmy
     pig's safety line.  but the wind is too strong...until suddenly
     todd is pulling, and todd's strength makes the difference...
     slowly jimmy pig is pulled toward them...and pioneers exchange
     amazed glances at todd's strength.

     as he pulls, todd notices what the others don't...

     angle on the rifle dropped by jimmy pig, ten yards away.

     angle on jimmy pig as he's hauled safely in to the group of
     pioneers who clap him on the back and hug him.  chester is
     laughing so hard he can barely stand up as he tries to describe
     and mimic jimmy's desperate effort to outrun the force of the
     wind...

                                   chester
                         (shouting, guffawing)
                    jimmy...running...can't...ha ha
                    can't...keep up with himself...
                    ha ha ha...

     chester breaks off, suddenly sober, staring off, and the others
     turn to see what he's looking at.  everybody stops laughing.

     angle on todd, carefully moving away from the wire to retrieve
     the rifle!!!  the wind is dropping off some, enough to stand.

     angle on mace and the other pioneers reacting with alarm at the
     sight of todd picking up the rifle.

     angle on todd as he turns, rifle in hand.

     todd's pov of the pioneers staring at him, the wind diminishing 
     further.

     angle on todd looking toward them.  nothing shows on his face.

     angle on slade looking sour.  trouble!  just what he expected.

     angle on mace, taking a deep breath, smiling as he moves toward
     todd, holding out his free hand for the rifle...

                                   mace
                    uh, thanks, sergeant.  thanks a
                    lot...

     but mace breaks off, realizing that todd's attention is
     elsewhere.

     todd is beyond mace toward the landscape.

     mace (and the other pioneers) turn to see what todd's looking at.

     angle on the "junk mountains" in the distance, several miles off, 
     where, hovering high above the junk mountains, an ancient dumper
     ship issues a steady stream of metal and concrete debris onto the
     junk heaps far below.  the faint thunder of the refuse tumbling
     onto the steep slopes is just audible over the sound of the wind.

     close on todd, as realizes how he got here.

     angle on mace, reacting to todd's intense interest.

                                   mace
                    dumpers.  they come every twenty or
                    thirty days.

     as todd turns and looks at mace, mace puts out his hand again for
     the gun.

     todd seems to notice the weapon in his hand for the first time.
     unhesitatingly, he hands the rifle to mace...

     as mace casually takes the weapon, the pioneers breathe a sigh of
     relief, grinning again as the tension eases.

     todd has turned his gaze back to the dumper ship, fascinated.  so 
     that's what they did to him!

     just then, jimmy pig claps todd heartily on the shoulder.

                                   jimmy pig
                    thanks, partner.  these no-goods
                    woulda just let me blow away.

     todd, reacting to the smack on his shoulder, looks at jimmy pig
     like what was that?  are you hitting me?

     but all the pioneers are gathering around todd in such a jovial
     manner that the puzzled soldier sort of understands this isn't an
     attack.

                                                       cut to:

