     ext.  inside another trench - day

     two pioneers, sally and red, lunge from a doorway into the trench
     and fire a rifle and a pistol at a third soldier who's advancing 
     along the trench.

     bang!  bang!  ping!  splat!

     sally and red dive back in the doorway for cover where a pioneer
     named singh is crouched, watching with alarm the third soldier 
     advancing unfazed.

     angle on the third soldier coming toward them.

     angle on the pioneers huddled in the doorway.

                                   red
                   they got armored vests.  you got to
                   aim for exposed parts like the
                   face...

                                   singh
                   here goes.

     red and sally watch singh step out directly in front of the
     advancing third soldier and fire five shots rapidly...ping!
     pizg!  ping!  ping!  ping!

     whoooosh!  red and sally see singh incinerated before their eyes.

     exchanging a horrified glance, they turn to retreat down the
     interior corridor, but before they get two steps, they freeze...

     a soldier is in the corridor, not looking at them, but breaking
     down a door.  they can't go that way!

     trapped, they turn to see the third soldier almost to the
     doorway, his flame thrower aimed, his finger on the trigger,
     and...

     a blur!  something lands on the third soldier from above the
     trench, and the third soldier falls over backwards, slamming hard
     to the floor of the trench.

     but he's a super soldier, so that almost at the same time he hits
     the ground he's already lunging upward to regain his feet and
     fight except...

     a knife blade rips across his throat, opening it wide in one
     swift movement, and...

     the third soldier's head sags back because not even superman can
     fight with no neck and the last thing he sees through his plexi 
     goggles is...

     todd looming over him with a bloody knife, a face like stone, and
     fierce soldier's eyes.

     angle on the doorway, where red, sally, and another pioneer peer 
     around the corner, eyes wide with amazement at the sight of todd 
     kneeling over his victim.

     angle on todd, slipping the utility belt off the dead third
     soldier, yanking grenades and ammo from the bulky body, stuffing
     a heavy pistol in his own waistband.

     red approaches timidly.

                                   red
                   you want help, partner?

     todd glances up at him, and red sees todd's eyes and red backs
     away quickly because...

     todd looks badder even than the new soldiers!

     turning back to the dead man, todd goes for the last item...the
     goggles.  ripping them off he reveals...

     a one-eyed soldier.  the dead man staring up at him is melton.

     for just a moment todd stares into the dead face, revealing
     nothing of how he feels, as we...

                                                       cut to:

