     int.  crawler two/statlonary

     the gunner is looking through his scope, methodically aiming and
     firing as caine 607 at the wheel watches impassively.

     ka-foomp!  another shot, the vehicle rocks, and, five hundred
     yards away, fire and dirt fountain thirty feet into the air.

     beep!  beep!  a light on the dash blinks on.  caine 607 switches
     on a radarscope, spots a blip.

     the gunner takes his eyes off the scope, looks at the blip.

     caine 607 is already manipulating a spotlight, looking across the
     gunner out the right window.

     the spotlight stabs the darkness, finds a moving vehicle a half
     mile of moving toward them.  it's crawler one with its lights
     out.

     as caine 607 flicks off the spotlight, the gunner turns back to
     the scope and resumes his deadly barrage.  caine 607 speaks into
     the radio mike.

                                   caine 607
                   crawler two to crawler one.  come
                   in, one.

                                   radio
                   one.

                                   caine 607
                   two to one, take your port to our
                   nine o'clock and commence firing.

                                   radio
                   copy, two.  port to your nine and
                   commence firing.

     fooomp!  the gunner fires again, rocking the vehicle.

     caine 607 looks at the scope.

     the blip continues on directly on its course.

     caine 607 picks up the mike again.

                                   caine 607
                   crawler two to crawler one.  again;
                   proceed to port nine...

                                   radio
                   affirmative, two.

     fooomp!  the gunner fires again as caine 607 looks at the screen.

     the blip on the screen keeps on straight, doesn't alter course!

                                   caine 607
                         (into the mike)
                   two to one.  you are still on twelve
                   o'clock.  correct to nine.
                                   radio
                   roger.

     but the blip continues straight, directly at them.

     and suddenly caine realizes!  dropping the mike he snaps at his
     gunner urgently.

                                   caine 607
                   gunner, hard to port, target hard to
                   port!

     as the startled gunner starts to obey both of them are bathed in
     sudden, blinding white light as crawler one suddenly switches on
     all lights and...

     ka-blam!  ka-blam!  muzzles flashes from crawler one.

     whump!  whump!  crawler two shudders, taking two direct hits.

     the gunner screams in pain.

