     int.  meeting room - night

     voices, confusion.  about fifty people are jammed into the low-
     ceilinged meeting room, all of them talking at once.  they are
     pioneers, men and women of all ages and many races, a hardy,
     weathered-looking group dressed in plain clothes of muted color.

     their faces seem to have been etched by the wind with deep lines,
     the skin burnished, and even the younger ones have crow's feet
     around the eyes from squinting.

     as they chatter excitedly, asking each other what happened, who
     found him, where, and so on, a sharp-faced fifty-ish woman,
     hawkins, is standing behind a table in the front of the room,
     calling for order.

                                   hawkins
                    please!  quiet, please!

     just as the hubbub finally dies down, a grizzled pioneer named
     slade bellows loudly at her.

                                   slade
                    just tell me one thing!  how many of
                    them are there and are they armed?

     hawkins stares slade down, refusing to speak until she has real 
     silence.  when she finally speaks, her voice is calm and
     controlled.

                                   hawkins
                    there in a man...one man.  he was
                    found in the trench by several
                    children...

     a sudden murmur dies away quickly under hawkins' hard stare.
                                   hawkins
                    this man was not armed.

     a murmur goes through the crowded room, then a woman named elise
     speaks over the hum of voices...

                                   elise
                    how could there only be one?  how
                    could he get here?

     hawkins glances toward mace, a muscular, bearded man, about
     thirty.

                                   mace
                    he was unconscious.  we couldn't ask
                    him anything.  he --

     a commotion in the back room causes mace to break off as jimmy
     pig, a clean-shaven burly-looking pioneer in his thirties, pushes
     his way in, followed by four more pioneers.  all five of then are 
     wearing their huge hooded parkas, strange eskimo-type wind
     goggles, and carrying weapons.

                                   jimmy pig
                    nothin' out there.  we couldn't see
                    nobody, couldn't see no ship, no
                    vehicles, nothin'...plus the wind's
                    up again real strong.

     an excited hubbub.  hawkins is trying to restore order when slade
     shouts over the commotion.

                                   slade
                    they're hiding, i bet.

     hawkins ignores him as she speaks with firm authority.

                                   hawkins
                    let's everybody calm down right now!
                         (beat; silence; then)
                    we have an injured man among us.
                    one man.  a traveler.  unarmed.
                         (another pause; then)
                    we all want to do the decent thing.
                    the decent thing is to help him.
                    mace's wife, sandra, is looking
                    after him now.  now, i'd like a vote
                    of support on this course of action
                    from all of you.

     the way she says it, you know she's used to getting her way, and,
     in fact, pioneers are exchanging glances and nodding when slade
     shouts again.

                                   slade
                    you keep an eye on him, mace!  you
                    watch him!

                                                       cut to:

