     int.  other room - day (present)

     eyes!  the adult todd blinks away the memory, stares straight
     ahead...

     into nathan's face, only six inches from his own.

     they're all alone in the room.  it's very quiet.

     nathan smiles a tentative smile, raises a hand, reaches out to
     touch todd's face affectionately, curiously, testing their 
     friendship...
     angle on todd, his eyes.  dangerous.  he draws his face back
     enough to avoid being touched.

     nathan looks unsure.  he's used to affection.  then he
     realizes... it must be a game!  he reaches out again...

     again todd avoids the touch...and as he does so, something
     catches his eye.

     todd sees a viper sliding across the floor toward nathan.

     nathan doesn't see it; he's still trying to figure out this game.

     todd pulls off his boot and hands it to nathan.

     nathan accepts it, thinks it's a gift.  he's pleased.  it's that
     kind of game!  he gives todd a friendly "thanks for the boot"
     smile.

     todd points to the viper which is close to nathan now.

     nathan looks at the viper.  he doesn't understand what he's
     supposed to do.

     todd makes a hitting motion with his hand.

     the viper is close to nathan, coiling.

     nathan looks from the viper to todd.

     todd indicates the viper with his eyes.  his look is intense, a 
     message in his eyes.

     the viper is like a spring, it strikes...

     todd's hand is like a blur, almost invisible as he catches the
     snake and flips it a couple of feet.

     nathan stares.

     the angry viper spits and hisses and coils to strike again.

     nathan looks at todd.

     todd eyes the boot, then indicates the viper with his eyes.

     nathan frowns; he's getting the idea.

     the viper is about to strike again...

     squash!  a heavy boot comes down on the snake, crushing it.

     todd looks up to see mace standing on the snake, reaching down
     for nathan.  as mace hugs the boy protectively to his chest, he
     glares down at todd with eyes blazing with fury.

     todd meets the look without blinking.  he never blinks.

                                   sandra (o.s.)
                   what happened?

     todd turns to see sandra standing in the bedroom door, her eyes
     almost as hard as todd's as we...

                                                       cut to:

