     ext.  garden - day - later

     a nasty little snake, a ten-inch viper, slithers through the dirt 
     among the neat rows of seedlings growing there until...

     squash!  one neat blow from the sharp edge of a trowel
     decapitates the viper.

     sandra flips the still wriggling thing aside and wipes her trowel 
     clean in the dirt as todd watches with those blank snake eyes of
     his.

     they're on all fours in a garden.  the garden is simply a much
     wider trench covered by a trellis so the light can be regulated.
     there are already neat rows of vegetables are growing.  behind
     them, kneeling pioneers are planting new seedlings and weeding
     around more mature plants.

     sandra turns back to place a seedling in the dirt with only an
     offhand glance at the dead viper.

                                   sandra
                    you have to watch out for them.
                    they probably wouldn't kill someone
                    your size, not if you were healthy
                    anyway.  but they'd make you pretty
                    sick.  someone smaller...like me, or
                    a child...

     her meaning clear, sandra continues to demonstrate to todd how to 
     plant the seedling in the earth.

                                   sandra
                    in a month this one will be as big
                    as those.

     todd follows her look to the other side of the trench where the
     plants are already eighteen inches high.

     other pioneers, working on their hands and knees also, are
     sneaking glances as todd, among them, a middle-aged woman named
     judith and an older woman, emma.

     sandra frowns one of their looks away protectively as she selects 
     another seedling from a tray and hands it to todd.

                                   sandra
                    here.  you try one.

     todd looks at it.  he doesn't exactly look scared, but he handles
     it gingerly, seemingly intimidated by the delicate seedling.  he 
     starts to plant it carefully as we...

                                                       cut to:

