     ext.  window/skylight - night - moments later

     the window is detached plexi from some kind of vehicle, embedded
     in a low mound of "earth" like a skylight.  whatever is making
     the light comes from below in a sort of hut that slopes only
     inches above the ground.

     todd is hanging onto the cable only ten yards from the strange
     window.  he can see more of them glowing all around him, as well
     as silhouetted pipes issuing smoke to the wind.

     todd drops to his belly to keep under the wind.  he crawls ten
     yards to the window and pears through it.

     todd's pov of a fantastic confusion of color and movement seen
     through the thick scratched plexiglass window.  the wild blurs of
     activity make no sense to him whatsoever, nor do the very faint
     squeals of sound barely audible over the deafening roar of the
     wind.

     (what he's seeing in the room below is a violent pillow fight
     between eight boys and girls ranging from four to ten years old. 
     wearing cotton shifts dyed red, blue, or yellow they're smacking
     each other violently with rag pillows and laughing happily in a 
     dormitory-style full of stacked bunks.)

     angle on todd, prone on the "roof," mystified.  he's never seen 
     anything like it.  his grease-covered face barely reveals his 
     puzzlement when he is suddenly distracted by a change in the
     wind.

     the roaring wind that has dominated the environment since he first 
     arrived has diminished to a strong breeze.

     todd tries sitting up.  the breeze doesn't overpower him.  he
     looks around.

     the meaningless shrieks of the pillow fight, though still muffled
     by heavy plexiglass, are louder now, but todd's attention is on
     the other window/skylight that glows from this strange "roof" and
     on the strange sound that's coming to him, borne on the breeze...
     a musical sound.

     struggling weakly to his feet, todd staggers toward the next
     window.  the music is louder as he approaches -- it's waltz music 
     played on an accordion.

     todd drops to his knees and peers through the next window.

     todd's pov through the second "window," another mysterious
     vision!  the color and movement are more subdued, but todd is
     just as puzzled.

     what he's seeing indistinctly through the thick plexiglass is an 
     overhead view of a man and a woman gliding across the floor,
     moving as one, first this way, then that, in time to a waltz.  in
     the corner, another person is making a strange movement that
     seems to initiate the music...

     angle on todd, flat on the roof.  now that the weak breeze has
     given way to a deathly stillness, the mysterious (to him) music
     is clearly audible as todd peers through the plexiglass at the
     warm scene below, as puzzled by the waltzing couple as by the
     pillow fights.

     then he gets to his feet again and in the stillness makes his way
     past a smoking chimney toward the next window.  halfway there he 
     freezes...listening!

     a strange haunting whistling sound is coming from somewhere...

     todd looks around at the blackness beyond the roof windows.
     there's nothing visible...

     the mysterious sound is louder now, drowning out the music
     ominously, drowning out everything, everything, everything.

     suddenly todd understands, but he's too late...

     rooooooooooaar!  it's the wind, back with renewed fury, more
     powerful than ever!

     todd is hurtled into the air, tossed head over heels by the wind,
     struggling, clutching at empty air in vain, buffeted, slammed to
     the ground, lifted again before he can flatten himself, tossed 
     violently, somersaulted helplessly...

