     int.  pioneer meeting room - night

     "jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way."  in sharp
     contrast to the gloom of the soldier christmas, the pioneers,
     men, women and children, are singing and celebrating.

     there's a six-foot carved wooden tree festooned with makeshift 
     decorations and ringed with heaps of presents in crude wrapping.

     there's an appetizing looking buffet and a punchbowl.

     angle on todd seated against a wall not far from the door.  he
     stares uncomprehendingly at the merriment all around him.  what
     on earth is going on?  what are they doing?

     jimmy pig is marching around in a santa claus costume, doling out
     presents to ellen, will, tommy, johnny and other children.

                                   jimmy pig
                    ho ho ho!  ho ho ho!

     passing todd, jimmy pig acknowledges him with a wink and a
     special "ho ho ho."

     todd's eyes give away his confusion.  what the fuck is this?
     jimmy pig in a fake beard and a fake stomach?  this is the
     craziest shit todd has ever encountered.

     angle on nathan, a wrapped present in hand.  he hasn't a clue
     what it is or what he should do with it.

     laughing, mace and sandra hover over him, showing him how to pull
     the wrapping off.  great idea!  nathan likes pulling wrapping
     off!  that's fun.  sandra and mace watch joyfully as nathan tears
     at the wrapping enthusiastically.

     angle on todd getting to his feet.

     angle on nathan pulling away the last of the wrapping to expose a
     pull toy, a metal bird on crude wheels made of wire and junk.

     mace takes the toy, demonstrates pulling it.  the wings flap as
     the wheels turn!

     nathan reacts with delight and amazement!  then grabs it!

     a sudden screech...

     angle on todd looking alarmed.  he's on his way to the door, but
     emma is charging at him, shrieking!!!

     not sure whether this is an attack or not, todd watches the older
     woman scramble onto a stool next to him, still shrieking giddily.

     as todd eyes her (and everybody else) warily, she gives him a
     peck on the cheek and points over head.

     todd looks up, sees a strange cloth decoration with a sign on it
     that says "mistletoe."

     means nothing to todd.  there's a burst of applause as emma
     scrambles off the stool.  somebody starts to sing "god rest ye
     merry gentlemen."

     a montage of faces:  jimmy "santa" pig, mace, sandra, red,
     chester, sally, ellen, hawkins, even slade, singing.

     angle on the door.  no sign of todd!  gone!

                                                       cut to:

