     int.  meeting room - night

     todd stares impassively as hawkins addresses him...

                                   hawkins
                   no one here has any animosity toward
                   you, sergeant.  none of us here is
                   your enemy.

     todd is standing in front of the room full of grim-faced
     pioneers, all looking at him.  it's like a court.

     hawkins is flanked by mace and sandra...

                                   hawkins
                   moreover, we respect your qualities.
                   we have no doubt that you are a
                   very, very good soldier.

     as she speaks, todd's blank stare considers the weathered faces
     of the pioneers facing him.  he sees chester, eva, red with his
     wife, jimmy pig and his wife, slade and mrs. slade, judith, emma,
     sally.  as hawkins continues, todd's sharp eyes pick out details.
     he sees jimmy pig opening and closing his hands nervously, he
     sees slade fingering a barely noticeable rifle barrel.  chester
     has a weapon too.

                                   hawkins (o.s.)
                   but, because of your training, i
                   don't think you'll ever be able to
                   function in a group like this, a
                   community of vulnerable people, of
                   families, of children, where the
                   ability to fight is not the sole
                   purpose of existence.

     the pioneers are nervous, ready for trouble, afraid todd might
     take this badly and fly off the handle.

     as todd's huge hand opens...and closes, their eyes are on it.  he 
     could pick up the table and hurl it at them, break men in half
     with his bare hands.  his face is like stone, his eyes like
     diamond chips as he glances toward sandra.

     todd sees sandra is moved, trying to suppress her emotions,
     biting her lip, as hawkins goes on...

                                   hawkins
                   you're different from us, sergeant.
                   we don't hate you for that, but we
                   have agreed that to try to include
                   you would pose an intolerable risk
                   to the community itself.

                                   mace
                   we'll give you any tools you need,
                   warm clothing, a good knife, boots.

                                   sandra
                         (emotionally)
                   and if you're ever sick...or you get
                   hurt...

                                   mace
                   you're a friend, sergeant.  it's
                   just...

     mace doesn't finish.  todd's eyes glance again at the pioneers.
     they too seem moved, not so ready to shoot.

     todd blinks.  once.  and we...

                                                       cut to:

