     ext.  abandoned engines/terrain

     todd is crouched over mace inside an abandoned diesel engine not
     far from the disintegrated turbine.  he's making a tourniquet to
     stop the bleeding from the stump of mace's leg.  mace looks
     awful, pale, in shock.  he speaks weakly.
                                   mace
                   oh, shit, todd...i'm...dead...
                   aren't i?  i'm not going to make it.

     todd meets his look but doesn't answer.  he finishes the
     tourniquet and turns his back on mace to peer out through a gap
     in the engine at the crawler.

     todd sees the crawler approach the cable, watches it veer left
     and start to travel along the cable...straight toward the colony!

     todd turns and looks into mace's face.  mace's eyes are clouded
     with horror.

                                   mace
                   why?  why?

     no answer.

                                   mace
                   i'm not..a soldier.
                         (then...)
                   a...mistake?  was it...a mistake?

     todd shakes his head no.  mace's eyes fill with new horror.

                                   mace
                   oh, my god.  they won't...they
                   won't...?  not sandra!  not...
                   not...nathan!

     todd turns away from mace and peers through the machinery.

     he can see the crawler is a hundred yards away now, traveling
     along the cable toward the colony.

     he can see the faces of the new soldiers hanging on the outside
     of the crawler, hard faces, goggled and ominous.

     when todd turns back to mace, he finds mace eyeing him with pure 
     hatred.  mace sneers weakly.

                                   mace
                   soldiers!  soldiers...
                         (gasp)
                   ...deserve...soldiers!

     his eyes roll back.  he's dead.

     todd peers out again at the new soldiers.  they look invincible
     as we..

                                                       cut to:

