     int.  meeting room - night

     whump!  todd's bloodied head is slammed on the floor.  his eyes
     are almost swollen shut as he looks up at caine 607 kneeling on
     top of him.  both men are bloody and exhausted their breath
     coming in gasps, but it's caine 607 who's on top, beating the
     last bit of resistance out of todd who struggles desperately one
     more time...before he slumps unconscious.

     horrified, nathan sees caine 607 smash the unconscious todd with
     the last of his strength, "finishing him off."  nathan can't
     stand it.

     he toddles toward caine 607, who's still on all fours, and
     attacks, his tiny fists raining blows on the amazed monster's
     bloody face.

     the frightened children see caine 607 ignore nathan's ineffectual
     blows and struggle with enormous effort to his feet.

     once standing, he looks down at nathan beating at his knees.  for
     a moment he's confused.  what's this?

     then he sees the frightened children and orients himself.  when
     he looks down at nathan again, tiny nathan is an enemy as good as 
     dead.  one blow and...

     but just then big hands close around caine 607's ankles, tackling
     him.  as the giant topples, todd lets go of the ankles and crawls
     on top of the fallen man.

     as caine 607 looks up into todd's fierce face, the fight goes out
     of his eyes.  he knows he's beaten, he knows todd will never
     quit.  he's helpless as todd grips him in a terrible hold and as
     todd puts the pressure on, caine 607 whispers...

                                   caine 607
                   it hurts!

                                   todd
                         (sympathetic)
                   i know.

     snap!  todd breaks caine 607's neck and watches the life go out
     of him.

     in the sudden silence as todd, panting, stares at his defeated
     enemy, he hears a voice...her voice...very weak...

                                   sandra
                   sergeant...

     todd turns and sees sandra slumped against the wall where caine
     607 threw her.  there's a trickle of blood coming from a nostril,
     more blood in her hair.  her eyes don't look right.

                                   sandra
                   nathan!

     todd sees nathan looking at his mother with fear in his eyes. 
     struggling to his feet, todd picks up nathan and puts the boy
     down close to his mother.

     sandra reaches out and takes nathan's hand.  she holds nathan's
     hand toward todd.

     todd looks confused.

     there are tears in sandra's eyes as she pushes nathan's little
     hand into todd's huge left paw.

     todd looks down at the joined hands, then he looks into sandra's 
     flooded eyes.

     does todd understand her gesture?  his face is impassive.  maybe
     he doesn't.  just then a hand touches his shoulder.

     todd turns to see johnny face him, trembling but valiant, to ask
     the question the others are fearful of asking.

                                   johnny
                    s-sir...sir, are you our friend?
                         (indicating sandra)
                    sh-she said you were our friend.

     todd sees all the children looking at him, their eyes big with
     hope and fear as we...

                                                       cut to:

