     int.  "station" - day

     the huge doors are open to the rain as sloan, church, rubrick,
     and mekum watch for signs of todd.  still dripping vet, the
     muscular melton is standing beside mekum, breathing heavily but
     not desperately.

                                   mekum
                    of course, age is a factor, but the
                    real factor is the training program,
                    especially the psychological.  the
                    mind controls the body after all,
                    and we're doing wonderful things
                    with the mind.

     a shape appears in the rain a hundred yards off, moves closer,
     takes the form of a runner running.  it's todd, still moving at
     the same pace, his face like stone.

     todd lopes into the big warehouse and, breathing hard but evenly, 
     comes to a halt in front of rubrick and salutes.

                                   todd
                    sir.

                                   rubrick
                    at ease, soldier.

     church has been thinking and now he speaks to mekum.

                                   church
                    what's the price of all that speed?
                    is he tired?
                                   mekum
                    tired?

                                   church
                    todd here ran the pace he's been
                    taught to run.  he's still strong.
                    send him up the chain, rube.

                                   rubrick
                         (to todd)
                    soldier!  up the chain!
                                   todd
                    sir.

     todd salutes and lopes toward ten chains that dangle from the
     rafters sixty feet above, grabs one, and starts up it, hand over
     hand.

     mekum watches todd climb, then looks at church who is looking at
     him expectantly.

     mekum grins at church.

     then mekum looks back at todd, not hurrying.

     todd is thirty feet up and climbing, passing the eight inch
     circular "platforms" or footholds in the chain every ten feet.
                                   mekum
                         (sharply)
                    melton, on the double!  up a chain!

                                   melton
                         (saluting)
                    sir!

     melton takes a few easy strides, gracefully catches a chain mid-
     stride, and smarts up, climbing easily and twice as fast as todd.

     church, sloan, and rubrick crane their necks as the two men
     struggle upward toward the rafters.

     three quarters of the way up, melton comes even with todd, then
     passes him.
     mekum, watching, smirks.

     church is watching too, and he's still not satisfied.  his brow
     is knit, something's bothering him.

     angle high above, among the girders

     stonefaced, melton is resting an a "platform" on the chain, sixty
     feet up, beneath the girders, swaying gently.

     his stony gaze is on the next chain where todd is arriving at a
     "platform" on an adjacent chain...only three feet away.

     their eyes meet, todd and melton alone together sixty feet up,
     three feet apart.  neither man blinks, neither man flinches,
     neither man reveals anything at all...

     low angle, looking up

     church considers the men high above, then to mekum.

                                   church
                    what about...spirit?

                                   mekum
                         (as in "what's that?")
                    spirit?
                         (...a grin)
                    oh!  you mean "aq"..."aggressive
                    qualities"?

                                   church
                    whatever the latest jargon is.

                                   mekum
                    much better, much higher.  for
                    example, where your old ones
                    expressed ninety percent of their
                    sexual energy in aggressive
                    physicality, these new ones are
                    ninety-nine percent without
                    sexual inclination.  it's all
                    aggression.

                                   sloan
                         (dryly)
                    real men!

                                   church
                         (sharply, to sloan)
                    at ease, lieutenant.
                         (turning to mekum,
                          serious)
                    what if they fought?

     a sudden silence.

     sloan raises her eyebrows, gives rubrick a look.

     frowning thoughtfully, mekum looks up.
                                   mekum
                    you mean up there?

                                   church
                         (to rubrick)
                    go ahead, rube.  tell todd to take
                    him.
                                   mekum
                    no!

     they all look at mekum.  is this the chink in the armor?  the new 
     soldiers can't fight?

                                   church
                    "no"?
                                   mekum
                    not fair.  no contest.  send two
                    more of your old ones up.

     now church, rubrick, and sloan are stunned.  they exchange a
     glance.

                                   mekum
                    go ahead.

     rubrick shrugs, turns to the veterans still sitting stoically in
     a group on the cement floor.

                                   rubrick
                    romero, a. -- goines, d.l. -- up
                    the chains.

     two of the veterans, romero and goines, leap immediately to their
     feet and climb rapidly.

     sloan, church, and rubrick exchange a look as mekum smirks 
     confidently.

     angle on todd and melton above.  they're still facing each other
     across the sixty foot drop.

     melton glances down...without losing sight of todd.

     romero and goines are coming up the chains fast, hand over hand. 
     they're within ten feet, their impassive faces look dangerous.

     nothing shows on melton's machine-face, but he starts a slight
     motion in his chain so that he spins slowly.  that way, as the 
     veterans surround him, he keeps a continual eye an all three.

     todd, his face impassive, eyes melton vigilantly.

     angle on rubrick below

     for a long moment, rubrick looks up at the three men dangling
     around the new soldier, then he shouts loudly at them.
                                   rubrick
                    get him, men!

     angle on todd as smash!  todd is hit hard in the face even as he
     starts to swing.  wham!  melton hits him again and todd loses his
     grip on the chain, starts to fall, grabs at the chain, clutches,
     slides...

     angle on melton, crunch!, hit as he swings at melton.  wham!
     melton hits him again, hard.

     goines swings against melton from behind, smashing at him with
     his free hand and with both feet.

     melton ignores the blows from behind as he grabs romero by the
     face with one hand, yanks the face close to his own, and squeezes 
     mercilessly.

     angle on todd, twenty feet below.  he's managed to get a foothold
     on one of the mini-platforms.  his face horribly bloody, he looks
     up at the action twenty feet above him and sees melton suddenly
     hurl romero downward.

     romero rockets down past todd...

     angle on the floor as smash!  romero's body crunches against the 
     cement not far from rubrick, sloan, and church, splattering them
     with blood.

     their eyes are wide with disbelief and horror as they look up
     again...

     angle on melton in the girders as he turns to face the man who's
     been clubbing him from behind...goines!
     goines swings his chain wide and melton, eyes merciless, deadly, 
     swings after him.

     angle on todd, bloody, struggling up the chain hand over hand.
     his eyes follow melton above as the new soldier swings and
     swings, trying to get a blow at goines.

     just then, goines lunges at melton, smack, smash, he hits him
     hard, and wham!  melton hits him back...

     angle on todd who has climbed to a "platform" foothold on his
     chain five feet above the swinging fighters.  todd looks down
     on melton's back as the big man swings close, watching, tensing,
     then...

     todd dives off his chain and lands on melton's back, crooking one
     arm around the new soldier's neck and pounding him with one free
     hand and strangling him with the other arm.

     melton gurgles while goines hits him in the face.

     angle on mekum watching below.  for the first time a frown of
     concern wrinkles his brow.

     angle on melton and todd on chains just below the girders.
     melton slams an elbow back into todd's ribs hard and todd gasps
     for air, but...

     goines uses the moment to slam a knee into melton's balls and...

     melton gasps, then grabs goines by the neck with one hand, rips
     him from the chain, and sends him plunging violently downward
     even as...

     todd goes for face with his free hand.

     slam!  melton smashes todd in the ribs with an elbow.

     todd savagely gouges out one of melton's eyes.

     angle on mekum, sixty feet below, enraged at the sight of
     melton's injury.

     angle on the veterans watching the brutal fight with blank
     impassive faces, riley among them.

     angle on the new soldiers watching, robot-like.

     angle on the struggle overhead.  smash!  smash!  smash!  melton's
     elbows drive back into todd's ribs.  the breath knocked out of
     him, todd gasps for air, pain contorting his face.

     melton manages to get todd's forearm into his mouth and bites 
     furiously, drawing blood.

     todd grits his teeth in pain.

     wham!  another blow to the ribs from melton's elbow.

     todd is losing his grip.

     riley watches below, his face a mask.

     melton bites and elbows furiously.

     todd loses his grip and grabs at melton, rakes flesh as he begins
     to fall and then...

     plunging downward, todd grabs wildly at the chain and catches it
     ...but he keeps falling, the chain ripping flesh from his hand
     for twenty feet until...

     he can't hold on any longer!  todd plunges the last thirty feet
     to the floor, landing with a terrible crunch right on top of
     romero's broken body below.

     sudden silence!

     angle on the veterans watching impassively as todd lies
     motionless, sprawled on romero's body.

     angle on the new soldiers revealing no feelings.

     angle on church, sloan, and rubrick looking stunned and shaken.

     it's mekum who breaks the silence, screaming furiously at the one-
     eyed melton who's still sixty feet up...
                                   mekum
                    get down here!  get down here on the
                    double, get your ass down here, you
                    miserable piss ant stinking shit for
                    brains!

     church, sloan, and rubrick lift their stunned faces from todd to
     mekum who's continuing to rant at melton as melton comes down the
     chain fast...
                                   melton
                    come on, double it up, down, down,
                    down, you miserable third rate
                    shithead incompetent clown!

     melton lets go of the chain and drops the last fifteen feet,
     landing gracefully on his feet in front of mekum and salutes.

                                   melton
                    sir!

                                   mekum
                    look at you, you big dumb shit,
                    you've lost an eye.  what the hell
                    good is a goddamn one-eyed soldier?
                    do you know what it cost to breed
                    you, you big moron?  to train you,
                    feed you?

     as mekum turns, including all the new soldiers in his continuing
     tirade, church, sloan, and rubrick confer in low voices.

                                   rubrick
                    they're...fantastic!

                                   church
                         (reluctant agreement)
                    mmmmmmm...

                                   sloan
                         (worried)
                    we could have a problem here,
                    couldn't we?  i mean, we just lost
                    three men...

                                   church
                    oh, i wouldn't worry about that.
                    "training accident."  paperwork.

                                   sloan
                    what about the bodies?

                                   church
                         (turning away)
                    incinerator.

     turning his back on sloan and rubrick, church approaches mekum
     who's still raging, indicating melton to the blank-faced new
     soldiers.

                                   mekum
                    what good is this man now?  with one
                    good eye!  he's got no depth perception!
                    he's cannon fodder.  all he can do
                    is walk point and take the first
                    hit.

                                   church
                         (interrupting)
                    they're very...impressive.

                                   mekum
                         (fuming)
                    yeah, well, the big moron shouldn't
                    have lost an eye.

     church glances at todd's corpse dumped over romero's broken body,
     tries to assuage him.

                                   church
                    it was our best man who got his
                    eye...  todd, a real tough one.
                    survived police action in montana,
                    fought in the argentine sector, and
                    in the saudi campaign to say nothing
                    of --
                                   mekum
                    old news!  they're nothing at all!
                    wait until you get these new fellas
                    into some real action.  i guarantee
                    you'll be awed.  i guarantee it.

     the new soldiers sit impassively, the bleeding melton among them,
     staring right at the veterans.

     not far away three dead bodies lie motionless as we...

                                                       cut to:

