              int. bedroom - night

              coffey enters, trailed by the others. paul pauses, horrified.

              the woman propped in bed barely resembles melinda moores
              anymore--she looks made up like a halloween witch, her livid
              skin hanging in a loose trail of wrinkles, one corner of her
              mouth twisted. yellowish bile stains her chin and the front
              of her nightgown. her hair has gone white and straw-like, her
              eyes glowering at coffey with lively, irrational interest:

                                  melinda
                        oh, so big! pull down your pants!
                        let's have a look!

              hal groans with despair. coffey just stands there for a
              moment, watching her from a distance, then approaches the
              bed...

                                  melinda
                        don't come near me, pigfucker.

              ...but as he draws closer, a change occurs. her features
              soften, her eyes become more sane and aware.

                                  melinda
                        why do you have so many scars? who
                        hurt you so badly?

                                  coffey
                        don't hardly remember, ma'am.

              coffey sits on the edge of the bed. the lights seem to flare
              hotter and brighter. tears are forming in melinda's eyes.

                                  melinda
                        what's your name?

                                  coffey
                        john coffey, ma'am. like the
                        drink, only not spelt the same.

              she lays back, staring at him with shining fascination. the
              world seems to be slowing down, growing very still indeed...

              ...and he starts bending slowly toward her.

                                  coffey
                        ma'am?

                                  melinda
                        yes, john coffey?

                                  coffey
                        i see it. i see it.

              he comes closer...closer still...

                                  coffey
                        you be still now. you be so quiet
                        and so still.

              he brushes her forehead with his lips...the gentlest whisper
              of a kiss...then moves his mouth down to hers. for a moment
              we can see one of her eyes staring past him, filling with an
              expression of surprise...

              ...and then her face is lost to view as coffey puts his lips
              on hers. we hear a soft whistling sound as he begins inhaling
              the air deeply from her lungs. something hot and glowing
              starts passing between them, drawn on his breath...

              the men watch. the house seems to shudder in that moment, as
              if the entire world has shifted an inch to the right...

              downstairs parlor

              ...and the grandfather clock stops ticking, the pendulum
              stopping dead, the glass face cracking neatly up the center...

              bedroom

              ...and a windowpane cracks. then another. a picture falls off
              the wall. a lightbulb bursts, showering glass.

              paul smells smoke, realizes the fringed coverlet of the bed
              has caught fire. moving like a man in a dream, he reaches for
              the waterglass on the nightstand, douses the flames.

              coffey keeps kissing melinda in that deep and mysterious way,
              inhaling and inhaling, her hand held in his like a tiny white
              bird. for a moment we actually hear something screaming, as
              if some willful imp were being extracted by force...

              ...and then it's over. coffey raises his head, revealing:

              melinda's beautiful face. her mouth no longer droops. color
              is coming back to her hair. her skin is shining with life.

              coffey regards her raptly for a moment or two, then starts
              coughing violently.

              he turns away and drops to his knees, hacking like a man in
              the last stages of tuberculosis.

              paul and his men are expecting coffey to spit out the "bugs",
              but he doesn't--he just keeps coughing, deep and hard, barely
              finding time to snatch in the next breath of air.

              hal goes to his wife, beyond stunned, sits at her side. she
              looks back at him with amazement, her face like a dirty
              mirror that's been suddenly wiped clean.

              john's coughing grows even worse. brutal drops to his side
              and slaps his broad, spasming back.

                                  brutal
                        john! sick it up! cough 'em out
                        like you done before!

              coffey just keeps retching, eyes watering from the strain,
              spit flying from his mouth.

                                  brutal
                        he's choking! whatever he sucked
                        out of her, he's choking on it!

              paul starts toward them. coffey crawls away, pressing himself
              into a corner with his face against the wallpaper. he's still
              making gruesome deep hacking sounds, but getting it under
              control. he weakly waves paul off--let me be.

              paul looks to the bed. hal sits with melinda, stroking her
              brow. color is blooming in her cheeks even as we watch.

                                  melinda
                        how did i get here? we were going
                        to the hospital in indianola,
                        weren't we? we stopped and you
                        bought me a packet of posies...

                                  hal
                        shhh. it doesn't matter. it
                        doesn't matter anymore.

                                  melinda
                        did i have the x-ray? did i

                                  paul
                        yes.

              they both look at him.

                                  paul
                        it was clear. there was no tumor.

              hal bursts into tears. melinda sits up, comforting him. her
              eyes are drawn to the corner.

                                  melinda
                        who is that man?

              coffey is struggling to rise. brutal does his best to help.

                                  paul
                        john? can you turn around? can you
                        turn around and see this lady?

              coffey turns. his face is ashen gray, seriously ill.

                                  melinda
                        what's your name?

                                  coffey
                        john coffey, ma'am.

                                  melinda
                        like the drink, only not spelled
                        the same.

                                  coffey
                        no, ma'am. not spelt the same at
                        all.

              she pushes the covers aside to rise. hal tries to stop her...

                                  hal
                        melly, no...

              ...but she pushes his hand gently aside. hal watches in
              wonder as she stands, takes a first tentative step...and
              walks to coffey. she gazes up and touches his face.

                                  melinda
                        i dreamed of you. i dreamed you
                        were wandering in the dark, and so
                        was i. we found each other. we
                        found each other in the dark.

              she undoes her necklace, holds it up for him. he hesitates,
              glances to paul. paul nods--it's all right. coffey lowers his
              head. melinda affixes the delicate chain around his neck.

                                  melinda
                        it's st. christopher. i want you
                        to have it, mr. coffey, and wear
                        it. he'll keep you safe. please
                        wear it for me.

                                  coffey
                        thank you, ma'am.

                                  melinda
                        thank you, john.

              her arms go around his neck, hugging him tightly as if she
              might never let go.

