              int. e block - day

              billy's back in his cell, quiet for a change. toot-toot is
              outside the bars, mopping the floor. billy notices a
              chocolate moon pie in toot's shirt pocket.

                                  billy
                        pssss. hey. give'ya nickel for
                        that moon pie.

              toot looks around. nobody's watching, and a nickel's a
              nickel. he steps to billy's bars, swaps the moon pie for the
              money.

              toot hurries away. billy unwraps the moon pie, makes sure
              he's not being watched...and crams the entire thing into his
              mouth...

                                                       dissolve:

              ...and here comes brutal strolling down the mile, doing a
              cell check and jotting on a clipboard. he pauses, seeing:

              billy at his bars. just standing there staring. his cheeks
              bulging way out.

              brutal steps closer, fascinated...what the fuck is that.
              billy waits until he's just a bit closer--

              --and he slams his fists against his own cheeks, propelling
              a disgusting spew of liquefied chocolate sludge into brutal's
              face. billy falls back onto his bunk, shrieking with laughter:

                                  billy
                        li'l black sambo, yassuh, boss,
                        yassuh, howdoo you do?

                                  brutal
                               (beat, calmly)
                        hope your bags are packed.

                                                       timecut:

              ...and once again, billy gets dragged to the restraint room,
              kicking and screaming all the way. they toss him in, slam the
              door. brutal turns, still wiping traces of sludge off.

                                  paul
                        the moon pie thing was pretty
                        original. gotta give him that.

              brutal nods. they walk away as we

                                                       fade to:

