              int. e block - day

              ...and they're still chatting a short time later, waiting for
              del's return. percy actually looks happy for a change,
              feeling genuinely accepted for the first time...

              billy is watching from his cell. just watching.

              the door opens. del returns with mr. jingles on his shoulder,
              escorted by brutal. brutal is toting the cigar box and spool
              like a magician's assistant carrying the boss' props.

                                  paul
                        well?

                                  del
                        they love mr. jingles! they laugh
                        and cheer and clap they hands!

                                  percy
                        well, that's just aces. pop back
                        in your cell, old-timer.

              the generosity of percy's tone catches del completely off
              guard. del gives him a look of almost comical mistrust...

              ...and the old percy comes back. he bares his teeth in a mock
              snarl and curls his fingers as if to grab del. it's a joke,
              but del doesn't know that--he jerks back in fear and trips
              over brutal's big feet. del goes down hard, hitting the
              linoleum with the back of his head. mr. jingles jumps clear,
              goes squeaking down the mile. del sits up, painfully
              clutching his head. brutal helps him up...

                                  brutal
                        percy, you shit.

              ...and moves him toward his cell. percy is actually moved to
              apologize--he starts after them with a half-laugh, drifting
              much too close to wild bill's side of the mile...

                                  percy
                        del! hey, you numb wit, i didn't
                        mean nothin' by it! you all ri--

              ...and wild bill's arms thrust out, grabbing percy and
              slamming him back against the bars with an arm around his
              throat. percy squeals like a pig in a slaughter-chute,
              thinking he's gonna die. the guards scramble, drawing their
              clubs--as billy strokes percy's hair and whispers in his ear:

                                  billy
                        ain't you sweet. soft. like a
                        girl. i druther fuck your asshole
                        than your sister's pussy, i think.

              billy kisses percy's ear--and his hand drops down to squeeze
              percy's crotch. paul pulls his sidearm, taking aim...

                                  paul
                        wharton!

              ...and billy lets go, stepping back with his hands raised,
              laughing. percy darts across the mile in terror and cringes
              against the cell opposite, breathing so loud and fast it
              almost sounds like sobbing.

                                  billy
                        i let 'im go, i'us just playin'
                        and i let 'im go! never hurt a
                        hair on his purty head!
                               (grins at percy)
                        your noodle ain't limp at all,
                        loverboy! i think you sweet on ol'
                        billy the kid...
                               (sniffs his fingers)
                        ...oooh, but smell you.

              down at his cell, del starts laughing shrilly. everybody else
              starts to realize it, including percy himself...he looks
              down, sees the huge dark stain spreading at his crotch.

                                  del
                        lookit, he done piss his pants!
                        look what the big man done! he
                        bus' other people wid 'is stick,
                        mais oui some mauvais homme, but
                        someone touch him, he make water
                        in his pants jus' like a baby!

              percy just stares. brutal shoves delacroix into his cell.

                                  brutal
                        shut up, del.

              paul steps to percy, puts a hand on his shoulder. percy
              shakes his hand off, looks around at their faces, whispers:

                                  percy
                        you talk about this to anyone,
                        i'll get you all fired. i swear
                        that to god.

                                  paul
                        what happens on the mile, stays on
                        the mile. always has.

              the men nod solemnly. nobody's going to talk about this.
              percy looks at delacroix still snorting in his cell, points
              at him.

                                  percy
                        you keep laughing, you french-
                        fried faggot. you just keep
                        laughing.

              del falls silent. percy turns and storms away as we

                                                       fade to black

              in blackness, a title card appears:

                          "the bad death of eduard delacroix"

                                                       cut to:

