              int. e block - night

              dean starts babbling with relief as they return:

                                  dean
                        am i glad to see you! you were
                        gone so long! wild bill's making
                        noises like he's gonna wake up...
                               (notices coffey)
                        what the hell's wrong with him?

                                  brutal
                        he's hurting, dean. hurting bad.

              dean jumps in, helps them steer coffey into his cell.

                                  paul
                        john, we're gonna set you on your
                        bunk now. ready?

              coffey nods, sits heavily on the bunk. he lowers his head,
              breath rasping like a rusted hinge. the guards step out.

                                  dean
                        what about mrs. moores? was it
                        like the mouse? was it a...you
                        know...a miracle?

                                  paul
                        yes. yes it was.

              paul scans their faces. smiles are traded. an exultant beat.

                                  harry
                        damn. i think we got away with it.

                                  brutal
                        we still gotta convince a certain
                        somebody to keep his trap shut.

                                  paul
                        get his stuff.

              dean hurries off to retrieve percy's holster and baton.
              brutal unlocks the restraint room door, swings it open. percy
              is revealed sitting against the wall, glaring, his mouth
              still taped. paul crouches down. brutal joins him.

                                  paul
                        i want to talk, not shout. i take
                        the tape off, you gonna be calm.

              percy nods. paul takes hold of the tape, preparing to yank.

                                  brutal
                        my mother always said if you do it
                        fast, it won't hurt so much.

              paul rips the tape off. percy's eyes water with pain.

                                  brutal
                        i guess she was wrong.

                                  percy
                        get me out of this nut-coat.

                                  paul
                        in a minute.

                                  percy
                        now! now! right n--

              paul slaps him hard, knocks him sideways. percy looks up,
              blinking in surprise. paul grabs him, yanks him back up.

                                  paul
                        you shut up and listen. you
                        deserved to be punished for what
                        you did to del. you'll accept it
                        like a man, or we'll make you
                        sorry you were ever born. we'll
                        tell people how you sabotaged
                        del's execution--

                                  percy
                        sabotaged!

                                  paul
                        --and how you pissed yourself like
                        a frightened little girl. yes,
                        we'll talk, that's a given--but,
                        percy, mind me now...we'll also
                        see you beaten within an inch of
                        your life.

              percy blinks, unable to grasp that.

                                  paul
                        we know people, too, are you so
                        foolish you don't realize that?
                        people with friends and loved ones
                        doing time in this prison. people
                        who'd be happy to amputate you
                        nose or your penis just so someone
                        they care about could get an extra
                        three hours in the exercise yard
                        every week.
                               (off percy's look)
                        let bygones be bygones. nothing's
                        hurt so far but your pride...and
                        nobody need ever know about that
                        except the people in this room.

                                  brutal
                        what happens on the mile, stays on
                        the mile. always has.

              a long pause. softly:

                                  percy
                        may i be let out of this coat now?

              they pull him to his feet, undo the straps. he shrugs out of
              the straitjacket and adjusts his clothes, trying to maintain
              a shred of dignity.

                                  percy
                        my things?

              dean hands them over. percy smooths his hair and puts his hat
              on, starts strapping on his holster belt.

                                  paul
                        think it over, percy.

                                  percy
                        oh, i intend to. i intend to think
                        about it very hard. starting right
                        now.

              percy exits the restraint room. brutal whispers to paul:

                                  brutal
                        he'll talk. sooner or later.

              paul nods with weary resignation--yeah, i know.

              on the mile

              percy pauses near coffey's cell, careless as always, getting
              his holster buckled--and a massive black arm grabs him
              through the bars. his scream brings paul and the others from
              the restraint room.

              coffey's face is pressed so tight between his bars it looks
              like he's trying to push his head through. he draws his lips
              back, baring his teeth in an awful sneer...

              percy whacks him with his baton. coffey barely seems to feel
              it. he curls his free hand around the back of percy's head,
              pulling him ever closer...

              ...and percy's screams are muffled as their mouths come
              together. coffey begins exhaling as if he'd held his breath
              for hours. percy jerks like a fish on a hook, but can't get
              away. the men jump in, try to pry percy loose, hollering for
              coffey to let him go.

              the black "insects" are flowing from coffey to percy,
              swirling into his mouth, up his nose, down his throat.

              several lightbulbs explode in their steel cages up and down
              the mile. percy's baton drops from his nerveless fingers and
              clatters to the floor, never to be picked up again.

              and then coffey steps back, rubbing his mouth as if he's
              tasted something bad. the color has returned to his skin.

              percy, however, is ashen gray. his expression is blank as a
              sheet of paper, not a trace of awareness in his eyes.

              the men are stunned. paul raises his hand to percy's face,
              snaps his fingers. nothing. he tries again, clapping loudly.
              percy reacts slightly, eyes fluttering, swaying a bit.

                                  paul
                        easy, easy. you all right?

              percy says nothing. he turns and walks slowly up the mile,
              his movements vacant and disjointed. he comes to a swaying
              stop at wild bill's cell...and turns slowly to look in.

              wild bill is coming painfully around, groggily clutching his
              head. he looks up, see percy.

                                  billy
                        what'a you looking at, you limp
                        noodle? you wanna kiss my ass or
                        suck my dick?

              nothing for the longest moment. percy just staring...

              ...and then he pulls his gun and empties it into wild bill as
              fast as he can pull the trigger. bam!bam!bam!bam!bam!bam!
              bill takes all six rounds in the chest, reeling back across
              the cell. he hits the wall and slides down, leaving a smear,
              his face registering a final look of stunned surprise.

              paul and the other tackle percy and bring him down, wrestling
              the gun out of his hand. dean is almost weeping:

                                  dean
                        oh god, oh god, no...

              percy is flat on his back, staring up at nothing. the black
              "bugs" come drifting out of nose and mouth, swirling in the
              air over his head. they turn white and disappear.

              the men are speechless. paul turns, sees coffey sitting on
              the floor at his bars, watching.

                                  coffey
                        punished them bad men.

                                  paul
                        why wild bill? why?

                                  coffey
                        i saw in his heart. when he grab
                        my arm, i saw what wild billy
                        done. saw plain as day. can't hide
                        what's in your heart.

                                  paul
                        what? saw what?

              coffey reaches toward him, straining through the bars.

                                  coffey
                        take my hand, boss. you see for
                        yourself.

                                  brutal
                        paul, no!

              paul hesitates, torn between reason and coffey's pleading
              eyes. a whisper:

                                  coffey
                        my hand.

              paul can't help it. he has to. their hands come together.
              paul lurches wildly as that circuit starts blazing between
              them...

                                  paul
                        no...please...

                                  coffey
                        gots to, boss. gots to give you a
                        little bit of myself. a gift,
                        like. a gift of what's in me so
                        you can see...

              ...and paul sees:

              the detterick twins. kathe and cora. laughing and playing
              hopscotch in the dust under a later afternoon sun...

              a dinner table. family having supper late in the day, basket
              of biscuits being passed. twelve year old howie detterick
              taking it, passing it on...

              an hand with a paint brush slopping bright red paint on the
              side of a barn...

              kathe skipping to the head of the hopscotch squares, turning
              and starting back, laughing in the sun...

              the paint brush slopping more paint, dripping like blood...

              paul jerks and twists, trying to pull away, trying to break
              the circuit, but he can't, not till all is seen and done:

              marjorie detterick calling from the porch for everybody to
              come eat, supper's ready...

              a hammer pausing. klaus looking down from atop the barn...

              the detterick twins finishing their hopscotch, gathering
              their jump ropes from the dust, running across the yard...

              the basket of biscuits being passed to little cora, who takes
              a biscuit and passes it on...

              klaus coming down the ladder, calling to his daughters. the
              little girls running past the man with the paint brush, who
              turns and smile as they go by...it's wild bill.

              the basket of biscuits is passed one last time. a hand pulls
              one out, raises it for a bite. it's wild bill, smiling at the
              little girls as conversation flows around the table...

              paul screams, trying to pull away, but:

              the porch door is kicked off its hinges just before dawn, a
              figure looming in the doorway. kathe wakes, her scream cut
              short as the man's fist punches her hard in the face...

              paul trembles violently as if riding the lightning himself,
              pleading for it to stop, but there's one last thing:

              wild bill looms over the terrified little girls like a
              horrendous boogeyman, whispers to kathe:

                                  billy
                        you lover your sister? you make
                        any noise, know what happens? i'll
                        kill her instead of you.
                               (to cora)
                        and if you make any noise, i'll
                        kill her.

              and he drags them out into the coming dawn...

              ...as coffey lets paul go. paul is gasping, back in the real
              world where his men are staring at him with wide eyes.

                                  coffey
                        he kill 'em with they love. they
                        love for each other. you see how
                        it is?

              paul nods, numb. tears are flowing down coffey's face. softly:

                                  coffey
                        that's how it is ever' day. that's
                        how it is all over the worl'...

                                                       cut to:

              wild bill

              lies dead, staring with glassy eyes. a flashbulb pops,
              rimming him with harsh blue light...

