              int. e block - day

              paul watches the truck pull in. he draws away from the slot,
              proceeds toward the empty cell which used to be
              bitterbuck's...

              angle on truck

              the rear doors are swung open. harry emerges. dean and percy
              are guiding billy by the arm, helping him down...

              inside e block

              paul waits at the empty cell. angle pans tight to coffey at
              his bars, eyes widening in a blossoming of some nameless fear
              or dread. something bad's coming. a whisper:

                                  coffey
                        careful.

              outside e block

              billy is brought to the door. dean pulls his keys, starts to
              unlock it. we push in on billy's face, where the tiniest
              trace of a smile is starting to grow...

              inside e block

              ...and coffey's unease grows with it. he presses his face to
              the bars, his whispering becoming more urgent:

                                  coffey
                        careful. careful.

              paul hears him, glances back with a puzzled look. coffey's
              gaze is directed at the door, which is being unlocked...

              the door

              ...and opened. in that moment, the slack look on billy's face
              gives way to a wild grin. a crazed screech leaps from his
              throat, a cross between a rebel yell and a dog being
              tortured, freezing everybody's blood in their veins--

                                  billy
                        yeeeeeeehaaaawwwwwwrooooo!

              --and he drops his wrist-chain down over dean's head, jerks
              it tight, begins to strangle him. dean lurches forward, billy
              riding/propelling him through the door onto the mile.

              percy stands frozen in the doorway, stunned. harry shoves him
              aside and jumps on billy from behind, trying to get him off
              dean. dean is choking, turning purple.

              paul rushes from the cell to join the fray. billy whirls,
              delivering a stunning kick to paul's groin. paul's bladder
              pain goes nuclear--he falls back in agony, clutching himself
              and sucking air through his teeth, unable even to scream.

              billy rams an elbow into harry's face, knocks him sprawling
              on the desk, screaming and laughing and howling all the while:

                                  billy
                        whoooee, boys! ain't this a party,
                        now? is it, or what?

              paul forces himself to his feet, pulls his revolver, draws
              down on billy...

                                  paul
                        let him go!

              ...but billy jerks dean around, using him as a shield...

                                  billy
                        g'wan, shoot! see who ya hit!

              dean is choking, dying. paul is shifting his aim, trying for
              a clear shot, not getting one. percy's still just inside the
              doorway, pressed against the wall with fear...

                                  paul
                        hit him, percy! goddamn it, hit
                        him!

                                  billy
                        c'mon, percy, hit me! hit me, you
                        limp noodle, hit me! yeehawww!

              ...and suddenly a hand comes in, grabs the hickory stick out
              of percy's grasp, raises it high--

              --it's brutal coming through the door. he swings the baton
              and lands an awesome blow to billy's head--thump! the force
              of it spins billy off his feet and slams him flat on his back.

              dean crawls away, gulping ragged breaths of air. amazingly,
              billy's still conscious--he looks up at brutal and laughs:

                                  billy
                        big fucker. snuck up on me. no
                        fair.

              still laughing, he makes another grab at dean. brutal whacks
              him again, turning his lights out for good. brutal drops to
              dean's side, helping him hack air back into his lungs:

                                  brutal
                        breathe...breathe...that's it...

              everybody's reining in their adrenaline. paul glares at harry.

                                  harry
                        we thought he was doped.
                               (to percy)
                        didn't we? didn't we all of us
                        think he was doped?

              percy nods, still numb. paul is furious:

                                  paul
                        you didn't ask? i guess that's not
                        a mistake you'll be need to make
                        again anytime soon, is it?

              harry shakes his head miserably. paul grabs billy by the feet.

                                  paul
                        grab his arms! you too, percy!
                               (off percy's
                                hesitation)
                        percy, goddamn it, get your feet
                        out of cement and help us out here!

              percy finally unfreezes. the three of them hoist billy up in
              a dead-lift, get him in his cell, toss him on the cot. they
              step out, slam the door, lock it. paul looks to harry and
              brutal.

                                  paul
                        get dean looked at right away,
                        make sure he's all right.

                        percy, you go make a report to the
                        warden for me. start off by saying
                        the situation is under control--
                        it's not a story, he won't
                        appreciate you drawing out the
                        suspense.

                                  brutal
                        what about you? you look about
                        ready to collapse.

                                  paul
                        i've got the mile till you all get
                        back. go on now.

              they all exit. as soon as he's alone, paul gives in to the
              pain, holding his crotch and sinking to his knees with a
              moan. it's so bad he actually lays down on the mile, face
              pressed against the cool linoleum, wishing he were dead. a
              stretch of silence...and then:

                                  coffey (o.s.)
                        boss? needs ta see ya down here.

                                  paul
                        this is not a good time, john
                        coffey. not a good time at all.

                                  coffey (o.s.)
                        but i needs ta see ya, boss. i
                        needs ta talk t'ya.

              paul sighs. things couldn't get much worse than this. he
              rises with a supreme effort, walks painfully down the mile...

              coffey's cell

              ...and finds coffey waiting at his bars.

                                  coffey
                        closer.

                                  paul
                        i'm alone here right now, john.
                        figure this is close enough.

                                  coffey
                        boss, please. i got to whisper in
                        your ear.

              paul blinks. maybe it's the fever clouding his brain, or
              maybe...hell, is this what being hypnotized is like? he tries
              to shake the sensation off, comes a little closer.

                                  del
                        boss? you know you not s'pose to
                        do dat.

                                  paul
                        mind your business, del. what do
                        you want, john coffey?

                                  coffey
                        just to help.

              his hand shoots out, grabs paul by the collar, jerks him
              close. paul makes a panic-grab for his revolver...

              ...but coffey lays his free hand atop paul's, eases his grip
              from the gun--no need for that. coffey's hand then drifts
              slowly down, easing to paul's crotch...

                                  paul
                               (stunned, frozen)
                        what are you...doing?

              ...and something goes whump through paul's body. he arches
              back with his mouth agape and arms outstretched as a rush of
              energy seems to pass from paul through coffey's hand...

              ...and then it's over. paul comes back to the real world,
              weak against the bars, realizes del is hollering in his cell:

                                  del
                        help! john coffey's killing boss
                        edgecomb! help!

                                  paul
                        del, chrissake, settle down, i'm
                        fine...

              it dawns on him that he really is fine. fever's gone. so is
              the pain in his groin. john coffey, though, seems to be
              having trouble. he sits down on his bunk, bends forward,
              gagging like a man with a chicken bone caught in his throat.

                                  paul
                        john? john, what's wrong?

              paul fumbles his keys to the lock, unsure if he should open
              the door, watching the big man's contortions grow stronger
              like a cat trying to cough up a hairball...

              ...and then comes an unpleasant, gagging/retching sound as
              coffey's lips draw back from his teeth in a kind of godawful
              sneer...and he exhales a cloud of what look like tiny black
              insects. they swirl furiously in front of his face, turn
              white...and disappear. paul just stares, stunned. softly:

                                  paul
                        what did you do, big boy? what did
                        you do to me?

                                  coffey
                        i helped it. didn't i help it?

                                  paul
                        yes, but...how?

              coffey shrugs--it's something that just is.

                                  coffey
                        just took it back, is all. awful
                        tired now, boss. dog tired.

              he rolls onto his bunk, faces the wall. paul just stares at
              him, stunned. he turns and walks up the mile, his stiffness
              and pain now gone. del watches him go by, also stunned:

                                  del
                        what dat man do to you? he throw
                        some gris-gris on you?
                               (off paul's look)
                        you look diff'int! even walk
                        diff'int. like y'all better!

                                  paul
                        you're imagining thing. lie down,
                        del. get you some rest.

              paul continues up the mile...

              e block toilet

              ...and steps back into the toilet. not trusting this
              situation for even a moment, paul opens his fly, takes a deep
              breath to prepare himself for the pain, starts to pee...

              ...and we hear a healthy stream of water hitting the bowl.
              the look on paul's face says it all--blessed relief.

                                                       cut to:

