              int. briar ridge mental hospital - morning

              we see a tattoo: "billy the kid." tilt up to william wharton
              staring out the window, wearing a hospital gown, his face
              utterly blank. he looks heavily medicated.

              harry, dean, and percy enter. billy doesn't react, just keeps
              staring out. harry waves his fingers in billy's face.

                                  harry
                        boy's doped to the gills. dean,
                        hand me them clothes...

              dean relays some folded prison clothes to harry.

                                  harry
                        william wharton! hey! i'm talking
                        to you! put these clothes on!

              billy turns with a vacant look, takes the clothes. he fumbles
              with the shirt, drops the pants. harry and dean sigh.

              they strip billy's hospital gown off and proceed to put the
              shirt on him, guiding his limp arms through the sleeves.

                                  percy
                        hellraiser, huh? looks more like
                        a limp noodle to me. hey! hey, you!

              billy looks up, meets percy's eyes.

                                  percy
                        you been declared competent! know
                        what that means? mean's you're
                        gonna ride the lightning, son!

              percy does a quick impression of a man jittering and jerking
              in the electric chair.

                                  percy
                        bzzzzzzzzt-zap! just like that!
                        how's it feel to know you're gonna
                        die with your knees bent?

                                  dean
                        c'mon, percy, give us a hand.

              laughing, percy picks up the pants. they proceed to help
              billy into them one leg at a time...

                                                       cut to:

