              int. del's cell - night

              del sits with mr. jingles in his lap, stroking the mouse
              between the ears. paul, brutal, and harry appear at the bars.

                                  del
                        hey, boys. say hi, mr. jingles.

                                  paul
                        eduard delacroix, will you step
                        forward?

                                  del
                        boss edgecomb?

                                  paul
                        yes, del?

                                  del
                        don' let nothin' happen to mr.
                        jingles, okay?

              paul nods--i promise. del rises, steps to paul.

                                  del
                        here, take him.

              del lifts his hand. mr. jingles steps off onto paul's
              shoulder with no hesitation. gently:

                                  paul
                        del. i can't have a mouse on my
                        shoulder while...you know.

                                  coffey
                        i'll take him, boss. jus' for now.
                        if del don' mind.

                                  del
                        yeah, you take 'im, john. take him
                        til' dis foolishment done--bien!
                               (to paul and brutal)
                        after, you take him down to
                        florida? to dat mouseville?

                                  brutal
                        we'll do it together, most likely.
                        maybe take a little vacation time.

              paul moves to coffey's cell. the mouse skitters off paul's
              shoulder onto coffey's hand.

                                  del
                        people pay a dime apiece to see
                        him. two cents for the kiddies.
                        ain't dat right, boss howell?

                                  brutal
                        that's right, del.

                                  del
                        you a good man, boss howell. you
                        too, boss edgecomb. wish i could'a
                        met you bot' someplace else.

              del gives mr. jingles one last look, starts to cry.

                                  del
                        au revoir, mon ami. je t'aime, mon
                        petit.

              and they start to walk the mile...

              execution chamber

              sweltering in the damp heat. rain is pissing down, drumming
              the tin roof. people glance up uneasily as thunder booms. a
              fat lady is staring grimly at the electric chair.

                                  fat lady
                        hope he's good and scared. hope he
                        knows the fires are stoked, and
                        that satan's imps are waiting.

              angle on door

              del enters, horrified to see percy waiting at old sparky.
              paul gives del's arm a reassuring squeeze, leads him
              forward...

              in a tight series of shots:

              the clamps are applied. the straps are drawn tight.

                                  percy
                        roll on one.

              the lights brighten on a rising hum. witnesses look up.

              on the mile

              coffey looks up as the overheads flare hotter and hotter,
              whispers to the mouse in his hands:

                                  coffey
                        you be still, mr. jingles. you be
                        so quiet and so still.

              resume execution chamber

                                  percy
                        eduard delacroix, you have been
                        condemned to die by a jury of your
                        peers, sentence imposed by a judge
                        in good standing in this state.
                        you have anything to say before
                        sentence is carried out?

              del tries to speak. doesn't quite manage the first time.
              licks his lips and tries again.

                                  del
                        i sorry for what i do. i give
                        anything to take it back, but i
                        can't. god have mercy on me.
                               (whispers to paul)
                        don' forget 'bout mouseville.

              paul and brutal nod--and are stunned as:

                                  percy
                        no such place. that's just a fairy
                        tale these guys told you to keep
                        you quiet. just thought you should
                        know, faggot.

              the stricken look in del's eyes tells us a part of him had
              known all along. paul and brutal would both like to deck
              percy right about now, and he knows it--he gives them a "what
              are you gonna do about it" smile.

              nothing they can do. paul nods to harry, who takes the black
              mask from the back of the chair and rolls it down over del's
              head, leaving the top of his shaved head exposed.

              percy

              takes the sponge and bends down to the bucket of brine. the
              other don't see it, but we do:

              percy only pretends to dip the sponge and soak it. it never
              touches the water. he straightens up and places the sponge
              atop delacroix's head, hiding it with his hands.

              the cap is lowered. paul and the others haven't yet realized
              what's happened. thunder booms and lightning crashes as percy
              hides a smile, steps back to address the condemned:

                                  percy
                        electricity shall now be passed
                        through your body until you are
                        dead, in accordance with state
                        law. god have mercy on your soul.

              tight on paul

              as realization starts to dawn. he stares at the bucket, then
              across the floor to delacroix, coming to terms with the
              evidence of his eyes--there's no water on the floor or
              dripping down the sides of del's neck.

              paul's eyes widen. a stunned beat of horror. he starts to
              open his mouth to scream "no!", but percy beats him to it
              with:

                                  percy
                        roll on two.

              van hay flicks the switch. wham. the electricity hits home
              and del rocks forward, riding the current.

              then things start to go horribly wrong.

              the humming loses its steadiness and starts to waver with a
              crackling sound. tendrils of smoke begin curling from under
              the cap, a mixture of burning hair and sponge. brutal shoots
              paul a horrified look. paul responds with a harsh whisper:

                                  paul
                        it's dry!

              delacroix begins twisting and jittering in the chair, his
              masked face snapping violently from side to side, his legs
              pistoning up and down in his restraints.

              there's a muffled pop from under the cap, like a pine knot
              exploding in a hot fire. smoke starts coming through the
              fabric of the mask, puffing upward. del is being cooked
              alive. paul spins to the partition, hollering--

                                  paul
                        jack!

              --but brutal grabs his arm, whispers fiercely:

                                  brutal
                        don't you tell him to stop. don't
                        you do it. it's too late for that.

              paul turns back, helpless. the other guards are trading wild
              looks, unable to believe what's happening. even percy looks
              aghast--he was expecting something, but not this.

              del begins screaming--the wild, hysterical sound of an animal
              being shredded alive in a hay baler. the humming goes uneven
              and ragged, the lights rising and falling...

              on the mile

              ...as del's screams rise and fall with them, echoing up the
              corridor. coffey's shaking and screaming too, as if feeling
              del's pain. mr. jingles squirms out of his grasp and goes
              squeaking in terror toward the restraint room door...

                                  billy
                        he's cookin' now! they cookin' him
                        good! near about done, i reckon!

              resume execution chamber

              wrong. del's nowhere near about done. he's slamming back and
              forth in the chair hard enough to shake the platform,
              twisting hard against the leather restraints. we hear bones
              breaking. a woman's screams. witnesses start rising to their
              feet:

                                  witnesses
                        what the hell's happening to
                        him?...are those clamps going to
                        hold?...christ, the smell!...is
                        this normal?

              the mask bursts into flame on delacroix's face. van hay
              hollers through the wire mesh, horrified:

                                  van hay
                        should i kill the juice?

                                  paul
                        no! roll, for christ's sake, roll!

              harry scoops up the bucket of water to throw it.

                                  paul
                        no water! no water! you crazy?

              harry backs off with a look of dazed understanding--you don't
              throw water on a man getting juiced. right. he drops the
              bucket, races to get the chemical fire extinguisher instead.

              the flaming mask peels away, revealing del's charring face.
              his eyeballs are misshapen globs of burning white jelly blown
              out of their sockets. the attending doctor faints dead away.

              pandemonium now in the room. people shouting and hurrying to
              exit, chairs falling over, women screaming:

                                  fat lady
                        stop it, stop it, oh can't you see
                        he's had enough?

              hal grabs paul by the shoulder, spins him around.

                                  hal
                        why don't you shut it down?

                                  paul
                        he's still alive! you want me to
                        shut down while he's still alive?

              hal is horrified at the thought. del is jittering and
              screaming, rocking from side to side, smoke pouring from his
              nostrils and mouth, his tongue sizzling purple-black.

              the witnesses are crowding and shoving to get out, but the
              back door is locked. all they can do is cluster there.

              paul sees percy with his head turned away. he grabs him,
              forces his head around.

                                  paul
                        you watch, you son of a bitch!

              harry steps up, the extinguisher in his hands. waiting. del
              finally slumps over. he still vibrating, but now it's just
              the effect of current flowing through his body.

                                  paul
                        kill it!

              van hay kills the current. the humming dies. brutal grabs the
              extinguisher from harry, shoves it into percy's hands.

                                  brutal
                        you do it. you're running the
                        show, ain't you?

              percy, sick and dazed, aims the extinguisher and hoses the
              smoking corpse. hal is near the back, calming the crowd:

                                  hal
                        it's all right, folks, it's all
                        under control. just a power surge
                        from the storm, that's all,
                        nothing to worry about...

                                  paul
                        dean, get doc's stethoscope.

              dean drops to the doctor's bag, digs through it, hands up the
              stethoscope. paul plugs them into his ears. people are
              moaning and sobbing at the back of the room:

                                  man
                        oh my god! is it always like this?
                        why didn't somebody tell me? i
                        never would have come!

              paul wipes some foam away from delacroix's chest, places the
              stethoscope pad to the raw flesh. he nods to brutal--it's
              over.

                                                       cut to:

