               ext. door

               a blow knocks early back through the doorway. he slams to 
               the ground, on his back. the gun falls from his jeans and 
               slides across the floor. a look of joyful amazement over the 
               blood covered remains of his face, he tries to get up, but 
               can't.

               early's pov

               brian, silhouetted, steps into the doorway. he holds a shovel 
               raised, ready to deliver a second, fatal blow... but when he 
               sees early incapacitated on the floor, he lowers the shovel 
               to his side. his handcuffed hands reach down and picks up 
               early's gun. he trains it on early, then walks around him to 
               enter the house. brian's eyes slowly adjust to the interior...

               early's pov

               from on his back, early looks out the open "door." he sees 
               two large shards of glass standing vertical in the sand, 
               reflecting the sun's rays back toward the house. he realizes 
               that the glass, placed there by brian, is what created the 
               effect of the "door." he starts to laugh.

                                     early
                              (laughing)
                         that was damn tricky of you bri.

               brian searches for carrie.

                                     brian
                         carrie... carrie... it's over.

               on brian

               he moves into the back bedroom and finds carrie. she is 
               crouched on the floor, handcuffed to the bedframe. he moves 
               to help her. as he gets closer, he sees her badly bruised 
               face and realizes what's taken place throughout the night.

               brian stops. the sympathetic expression on his face changes. 
               with hatred in his eyes, he pivots around, strides out of 
               the bedroom and moves toward the front of the house to early. 
               in the front room gun in hand, brian rushes back into the 
               room. he wields the pistol toward the ground where early 
               lay... but early's not there.

               brian's eyes dart around the room... then suddenly, from 
               behind him, early grabs him!

               he wrenches brian's head back and whips his belt buckle knife 
               toward his throat!

               brian manages to lift his hands to his neck an instant before 
               the knife tears through his flesh. the knife slices a vicious 
               wound across the back of brian's right hand. he drops the 
               gun to the floor. brian elbows early in the ribs and pulls 
               away from him. he reaches to the ground for the gun, but 
               early kicks him in the stomach and sends him crumbling to 
               his knees.

                                     early
                         go ahead bri, ask me something.
                              (beat)
                         you wanna know how i'm feeling'? 
                         well i'd say i'm feelin' pretty damn 
                         good.

               on all fours, brian reaches out for the gun, but early kicks 
               it across the room.

                                     early
                         how 'bout you? you feelin' good?

               another kick to brian's chest. the wind rushes out of him.

                                     early
                         ...'cause you sure don't look so 
                         good.
                              (beat)
                         or maybe you're feelin'... powerful. 
                         that it, you feeling powerful? 
                         superior? i know i am.

               early unloads a ferocious kick to the side of brian's face! 
               his head snaps back, his handcuffed arms buckle and he falls 
               flat to the ground.

                                     early
                         what? am i angry with my daddy? now 
                         why would i be angry with my daddy... 
                         you're the one hit me with the shovel. 
                         and you're the one's gonna wish you 
                         hadn't.

               with one last effort, brian manages to pull himself back up 
               to his knees. he focuses on the gun ahead of him and tries 
               to crawl toward it. but early's foot shoves brian. he flips 
               over onto his back, landing in front of the bedroom doorway. 
               early moves toward him, knife in hand.

               as early moves toward brian, unexpectedly from inside the 
               doorway, the torso of the female child mannequin whips past. 
               her hardened molten face slams into early's bloodied face. 
               early stumbles backward.

               brian crawls for the gun and grabs it. from his knees he 
               turns, steadies the weapon, takes a quick breath... and fires. 
               hitting early square in the chest!

               early falls to the ground on his back. brian lifts himself 
               to his feet.

               he sees that carrie has dragged the bedframe to the doorway, 
               and in her free hand she holds the child mannequin by the 
               leg.

               gun in hand, brian steps over to early. early's body is still. 
               blood oozes from the hole in his chest. on a silver chain 
               around his neck is the key to brian and carrie's handcuffs. 
               brian reaches down and grabs the keys... when suddenly early's 
               arm springs up from his side. his hand grabs brian's shirt 
               collar. brian is startled by the move, then realizes that 
               early's hold is weak. his fingers tremble. finally his arm 
               drops back down to his side.

                                     early
                         hey bri... i think i need a doctor. 
                         what d'ya say?

               the two men stare at one another for a moment... then brian, 
               with one hand still on the handcuff keys, shoves the .45 
               automatic firmly under early's chin.

               close on brian

                                     brian
                         ...sorry 'bout this early.

               o.s. bang!! rings out as...

               close up on the chain and keys snapping free from early's 
               neck.

               close up on brian's handcuffs hitting the dusty wooden floor.

               close up on carrie's handcuff swinging empty against the 
               rusty bedpost.

                                                             transition to:

               a montage of the photographs taken throughout the journey.

               last image: a book "on the road to madness" by brian kessler.

