               int. diner - night

               the place is almost empty. early, still wet from the rain, 
               walks to the counter and sits down. he calls out to the 
               kitchen.

                                     early
                         coffee and a bowl of chili, please.

                                     waitress (o.s.)
                         ...be right there.

               the only other customer is an old man, sitting at the counter 
               nearby nursing a cup of coffee. his face half hidden under a 
               rain soaked hat. early selects a tune from the countertop 
               juke box.

               old man's pov

               out of the corner of his eye he sees a bug (from the concrete 
               block) crawl out of early's sleeve and onto the counter.

                                     old man
                              (from beneath his 
                              shadowy brim...)
                         the antichrist'll be a woman, in a 
                         man's body. seven heads and seven 
                         tails.

               early gazes at the old man curiously, then calls out to the 
               waitress...

                                     early
                         make that to go.

               early notices the small bug crawling across the counter. he 
               leans closer to it and watches it. after a moment, he thwacks 
               it off the counter with his thumb and finger. the bug lands 
               on the hot iron griddle with a sizzle!

               early glances at the old man again... then scoots over one 
               stool closer to him. early seems curious to want to get a 
               glimpse under the brim of the old man's hat.

               in the back kitchen area

               the waitress is bagging early's order to go... when the front 
               door slams shut!

               front dining area

               the waitress re-enters the room. it's empty. neither the old 
               man nor early are there. with early's food in hand, she makes 
               her way along the rear of the counter toward the front door. 
               she glances around curiously. on the griddle, the remains of 
               something black and charred smoulders. closer to the entrance, 
               she stares at the front door. the sign that hangs in its 
               window has been turned... the backside which faces her reads 
               "open."

               at the front door

               she wonders about the sign for a moment, then stares curiously 
               out the window... not a soul in sight. she locks the door 
               and begins closing up for the night. she turns to make her 
               way to the rear of the diner then notices something. slowly 
               she moves along the side wall, past a number of highbacked 
               booths.

               her pov

               sitting on one of the funky old leather seats in a booth are 
               a pair of red high heeled shoes (the same pair worn earlier 
               by the pretty teenage girl). the waitress glances nervously 
               about the interior. no one in sight.

               at the booth

               she reaches down slowly and picks up the pair of shoes. looks 
               at them closely. stares at the inside lining. then suddenly 
               out of the quiet... a voice.

                                     early
                         ...size 6.

               the waitress spins a startled look to the booth beyond hers! 
               early leans out from behind the highback partition.

                                     early
                         that's right ain't it, size 6?

               the waitress... smiles, nods shyly.

                                     early
                         happy birthday adele.

                                     adele
                         early, you are so sweet.

               this is adele corners. she's 17, pretty, uneducated and 
               early's girlfriend. she steps over to him, gives him a kiss, 
               then sits down on the seat across from him. she starts to 
               try on her new shoes.

                                     adele
                         i feel kind of like the wizard of 
                         oz, you know when she gets the red 
                         shoes.

                                     early
                         well dorothy, why don't you hand me 
                         that chili there.

               she passes the bag to early. he digs in. between bites, he 
               glances over to adele who's enthusiastically pulling on the 
               new shoes.

