               ext. parked lincoln - later

               a deserted plain. it's very quiet here. until the silence is 
               broken by the sound of gunshots. reveal early teaching brian 
               how to shoot. a row of tin cans are set up on a rusty old 
               car. it's obvious that brian's enthralled with the idea of 
               shooting the gun. even if he isn't hitting anything.

                                     early
                         only thing my old man ever gave me 
                         is that goddamn .45.

               brian fires off another shot, misses again.

                                     early
                         bri', you're jerkin' it when you 
                         pull the trigger, hold it real steady.

               nearby stands an unhappy carrie. adele pulls her yoyo out of 
               her pocket.

                                     adele
                         boys'll be boys.

               carrie doesn't respond. adele offers the yoyo to carrie.

                                     adele
                         you know any tricks?

               carrie shakes her head no. adele withdraws her offer.

                                     adele
                         you wanna learn some?

               again carrie declines. her steely gaze returns to brian.

               on early and brian

               early helps brian to hold the gun.

                                     early
                         steady... breath in... now let half 
                         of it out, and... fire.

               bang!! the can flies off the tree stump. brian turns to carrie 
               to see her reaction... but she's already on her way back to 
               the car, and she's furious. concerned, brian starts to follow 
               after her... but early grabs his attention.

                                     early
                         bri, i want you to keep this gun... 
                         consider it a present. never know, 
                         california could turn out to be a 
                         dangerous place.

               brian gazes at the gun resting in the palm of his hand.

