75   int chief's hut - council of elders

a glowing fire dances in the center of the spartan, low-ceilinged room, 
creating a kaleidoscope of shadows on the walls. along one side, a 
group of ten ewok elders flank chief chirpa, who sits on his throne. 
the rebels sit along the walls of the hut, with threepio between the 
two groups and wicket and teebo off to one side.

threepio is in the midst of a long, animated speech in the ewok's 
squeaky native tongue. the ewoks listen carefully and occasionally 
murmur comments to each other. threepio points several times at the 
rebel group and pantomimes a short history of the galactic civil war, 
mimicking the explosion and rocket sounds, imitating imperial walkers. 
throughout the long account, certain familiar names are distinguishable 
in english: princess leia, artoo, darth vader, death star, jedi, obi-
wan kenobi. artoo begins beeping excitedly at threepio.

threepio
yes, artoo. i was just coming to that.

threepio continues with: millennium falcon, cloud city, vader, han 
solo, carbonite, sarlacc, bringing the history up to the present time.

at the end of it, the chief, logray, and the elders confer, then nod in 
agreement. the chief stands and makes a pronouncement.

the drums begin to sound, and all the ewoks stand with a great cheer 
and screeches.

han
what's going on?

leia
i don't know.

luke has been sharing the joy with smiling visage, but now something 
passes like a dark cloud through his consciousness. the others do not 
notice.

threepio
wonderful! we are now a part of the tribe.

several of the little teddy bears run up and hug the rebels.

han
just what i always wanted.

chewbacca is being enthusiastically embraced by an ewok, while wicket 
clings to han's leg.

han	 (chuckles)
well, short help is better than no help at all, chewie. 
(to wicket) 
thank you. okay.

threepio
he says the scouts are going to show us the quickest way to the shield 
generator.

chewie barks. luke has drifted to the back of the hut. now he wanders 
outside into the moonlight. leia notices and follows.

han
good. how far is it? ask him. we need some fresh supplies, too. and try 
and get our weapons back.

han pulls threepio back as he keeps trying to translate.

han	 (cont)
and hurry up, will ya? i haven't got all day.

