78   ext imperial landing platform - lower deck

darth vader walks down the ramp of the shuttle onto the platform, into 
an elevator, and appears on a ramp on a lower level. he walks toward 
another ramp exit and is met by two troopers and a commander with luke, 
in binders, at their center. the young jedi gazes at vader with 
complete calm.

commander
this is a rebel that surrendered to us. although he denies it, i 
believe there may be more of them, and i request permission to conduct 
a further search of the area.

the commander extends his hand, revealing luke's lightsaber.

commander
he was armed only with this.

vader looks at luke, turns away and faces the commander, taking the 
lightsaber from the commander's hand.

vader
good work, commander. leave us. conduct your search and bring his 
companions to me.

commander
yes, my lord.

the officer and troops withdraw. vader and luke are left standing alone 
in the oddly tranquil beauty of the place. the sounds of the forest 
filter in upon them.

vader
the emperor has been expecting you.

luke
i know, father.

vader
so, you have accepted the truth.

lure
i've accepted the truth that you were once anakin skywalker, my father.

vader	 (turning to face him)
that name no longer has any meaning for me.

luke
it is the name of your true self. you've only forgotten. i know there 
is good in you. the emperor hasn't driven it from you fully. that is 
why you couldn't destroy me. that's why you won't bring me to your 
emperor now.

vader looks down from luke to the lightsaber in his own black- gloved 
hand. he seems to ponder luke's words.

vader	 (indicating lightsaber)
i see you have constructed a new lightsaber.

vader ignites the lightsaber and holds it to examine its humming, 
brilliant blade.

vader
your skills are complete. indeed, you are powerful, as the emperor has 
foreseen.

they stand for a moment, the vader extinguishes the lightsaber.

luke
come with me.

vader
obi-wan once thought as you do.

luke steps close to vader, then stops. vader is still.

vader
you don't know the power of the dark side. i must obey my master.

luke
i will not turn...and you'll be forced to kill me.

vader
if that is your destiny.

luke
search your feelings, father. you can't do this. i feel the conflict 
within you. let go
of your hate.

vader
it is too late for me, son. the emperor will show you the true nature 
of the force. he is
your master now.

vader signals to some distant stormtroopers. he and luke stand staring 
at one another for a long moment.

luke
then my father is truly dead.

