44   ext dune sea - landing area

a ferocious sandstorm blocks our view. then, through the roar, we hear 
the voices of our heroes. they emerge slowly from the veil of sand, 
pressing on against the wind. first come artoo and threepio, followed 
by leia guiding han, then luke and lando come into view, each 
supporting one side of the towering chewbacca, who hobbles from his 
wound.

soon, they can make out some large vague shapes in the blowing sand. it 
is the millennium falcon and, parked beside it, luke's trusty x-wing 
and a two-seated y-wing. they must shout to be heard.

han
i don't know. all i can see is a lot of blowing sand!

leia
that's all any of us can see.

han	 (blinking)
then i guess i'm getting better.

as soon as the group huddles under the bulk of the falcon, the wind 
dies down to something more describable as a severe weather condition. 
threepio hits a switch, and the gang-plank lowers with a hum.

han 	(turning to luke)
i've got to hand it to you, kid, you were pretty good out there.

luke	 (shrugging it off)
i had a lot of help. think nothing of it.

han
no, i'm thinking a lot about it. that carbon freeze was the closest 
thing to dead there is. and it wasn't just sleepin'. it was a big wide 
awake nothing!

luke nods, as chewie growls affectionately at the young jedi warrior, 
mussing his hair like a proud uncle. and leia warmly hugs him.

luke 	(moving to his ship)
i'll see you back at the fleet.

han
why don't you leave that crate and come with us?

luke
i have a promise i have to keep first... to an old friend.

luke and artoo take off in their spacecraft.

han		
(looking dubiously at lando, obviously remembering his friend's 
betrayal and subsequent aide)
guess i owe you some thanks, too, lando.

lando
figured if i left you frozen like that you'd just give me bad luck the 
rest of my life, so i might as well get you unfrozen sooner or later.

leia
he means "you're welcome."

lando
come on, let's get off this miserable dust ball.

44a  ext space above tatooine 

the desolate yellow planet fills the screen, luke's x-wing appears and 
peels off to the left. a moment later, the falcon appears as a dot and 
grows huge, to roar directly over the camera.

