14   int jabba's throne room - night

silence. the room is deserted, only the awful debris of the alien 
celebration giving mute witness to the activity here before. several 
drunk creatures lie unconscious around the room, snoring loudly.

a shadowy figure moves stealthily among the columns at the perimeter of 
the room and is revealed to be boushh, the bounty hunter. he picks his 
way carefully through the snoring, drunken monsters.

han solo, the frozen space pirate, hangs spotlighted on the wall, his 
coffin-like case suspended by a force field. the bounty hunter 
deactivates the force field by flipping a control switch to one side of 
the coffin. the heavy case slowly lowers to the floor of the alcove.

boushh steps up to the case, studying han, and then turns to the 
controls on the side of the coffin. he activates a series of switches 
and, after one last hesitant look at han, slides the de-carbonization 
lever. the case begins to emit a sound as the hard shell covering the 
contours of han's face begins to melt away. the bounty hunter watches 
as han's body is freed of its metallic coat and his forearms and hands, 
previously raised in reflexive protest, drop slackly to his side. his 
face muscles relax from their mask of horror. he appears quite dead.

boushh's ugly helmet leans close to han's face listening for the breath 
of life. nothing. he waits. han's eyes pop open with a start and he 
begins coughing. the bounty hunter steadies the staggering newborn.

boushh
just relax for a moment. you're free of the carbonite.

han touches his face with his hand and moans.

boushh
shhh. you have hibernation sickness.

han
i can't see.

boushh
your eyesight will return in time.

han
where am i?

boushh
jabba's palace.

han
who are you?

the bounty hunter reaches up and lifts the helmet from his head, 
revealing the beautiful face of princess leia.

leia
someone who loves you.

han
leia!

leia
i gotta get you out of here.

as leia helps her weakened lover to stand up, the relative quiet is 
pierced by an obscene huttese cackle from the other side of the alcove.

han
what's that? i know that laugh.

the curtain on the far side of the alcove opens, revealing jabba the 
hutt, surrounded by bib and other aliens. he laughs again, and his 
gross cronies join in a cacophony of alien glee.

han
hey, jabba. look, jabba, i was just on my way to pay you back, but i 
got a little sidetracked. it's not my fault.

jabba laughs.

jabba	 (in huttese subtitled)
it's too late for that, solo. you may have been a good smuggler, but 
now you're bantha fodder.

han
look...

jabba	 (cont huttese subtitled)
take him away!

the guards grab han and start to lead him away.

han
jabba... i'll pay you triple! you're throwing away a fortune here. 
don't be a fool!

han is dragged off, as lando quickly moves forward and attempts to lead 
leia away.

jabba	 (in huttese subtitled)
bring her to me.

jabba chuckles as lando and a second guard drag the beautiful young 
princess toward him. threepio peeks from behind a monster and quickly 
turns away in disgust.

leia
we have powerful friends. you're gonna regret this...

jabba	 (in huttese subtitled)
i'm sure.

inexorably her lovely face moves to within a few inches of jabba's ugly 
blob of a head, and leia turns away in disgust.

leia
ugh!

threepio
ohhh, i can't bear to watch.

