8    int jabba's throne room

the throne room is filled with the vilest, most grotesque creatures 
ever conceived in the universe. artoo and threepio seem very small as 
they pause in the doorway to the dimly lit chamber. light shafts 
partially illuminate the drunken courtiers as bib fortuna crosses the 
room to the platform upon which rests the leader of this nauseating 
crowd: jabba the hutt. the monarch of the galactic underworld is a 
repulsive blob of bloated fat with a maniacal grin. chained to the 
horrible creature is the beautiful alien female dancer named oola. at 
the foot of the dais sits an obnoxious birdlike creature, salacious 
crumb. bib whispers something in the slobbering degenerate's ear. jabba 
laughs horribly, at the two terrified droids before him. threepio bows 
politely.

threepio
good morning.

jabba
bo shuda!

the robots jump forward to stand before the repulsive, loose-skinned 
villain.

threepio
the message, artoo, the message.

artoo whistles, and a beam of light projects from his domed head, 
creating a hologram of luke on the floor. the image grows to over ten 
feet tall, and the young jedi towers over the space gangsters.

luke
greetings, exalted one. allow me to introduce myself. i am luke 
skywalker, jedi knight and friend to captain solo. i know that you are 
powerful, mighty jabba, and that your anger with solo must be equally 
powerful. i seek an audience with your greatness to bargain for solo's 
life. 
(jabba's crowd laughs) 
with your wisdom, i'm sure that we can work out an arrangement which 
will be mutually beneficial and enable us to avoid any unpleasant 
confrontation. as a token of my goodwill, i present to you a gift: 
these two droids.

threepio is startled by this announcement.

threepio
what did he say?

luke	 (cont)
... both are hardworking and will serve you well.

threepio
this can't be! artoo, you're playing the wrong message.

luke's hologram disappears.

jabba laughs while bib speaks to him in huttese.

jabba	 (in huttese subtitled)
there will be no bargain.

threepio
we're doomed.

jabba	 (in huttese subtitled)
i will not give up my favorite decoration. i like captain solo where he 
is.

jabba laughs hideously and looks toward an alcove beside the throne. 
hanging high, flat against the wall, exactly as we saw him last, is a 
carbonized han solo.

threepio
artoo, look! captain solo. and he's still frozen in carbonite.

