99   ext forest - generator bunker

han, leia, chewie, and the rest of the strike team are led out of the 
bunker by their captors. the surrounding area, deserted before, is now 
crowded with two-legged imperial walkers and hundreds of imperial 
troops. the situation looks hopeless.

stormtrooper
all right, move it! i said move it! go on!

from the undergrowth beyond the clearing comes a wild series of beeps 
and whistles. 
and --

threepio
hello! i say, over there! were you looking for me?

bunker commander
bring those two down here!

stormtrooper
let's go!

artoo and threepio are standing near one of the big trees. as six 
imperial stormtroopers rush over to take them captive, the two droids 
duck out of sight behind the tree.

threepio
well, they're on their way. artoo, are you sure this was a good idea?

stormtrooper
freeze! don't move!

threepio
we surrender.

the stormtroopers come around the tree and find the two droids waiting 
quietly to be taken. as the imperial troops move to do that, however, a 
band of ewoks drops down from above and overpowers them.

threepio
ohhh! stand back, artoo.

in a nearby tree, an ewok raises a horn to his lips and sounds the ewok 
attack call. all hell breaks loose as hundreds of ewoks throw their 
fuzzy bodies into the fray against the assembled stormtroopers and 
their awesome two-legged walkers. biker scouts dart about blasting 
ewoks, only to be crushed by a volley of rocks tossed by ewoks from the 
trees above.

in the confusion of the battle, han and leia break away and dive for 
the cover of the bunker door as explosions erupt around them. han goes 
to the bunker door control panel.

leia
the code's changed. we need artoo!

han
here's the terminal.

leia	 (into comlink)
artoo, where are you? we need you at the bunker right away.

artoo and threepio are hiding behind a log as the battle ragesaround 
them. suddenly the stubby little astrodroid lets out a series of 
whistles and shoots off across the battlefield. threepio, panicked, 
runs after him.

threepio
going? what do you mean, you're going. but-- but going where, artoo? 
no, what! artoo! oh, this is no time for heroics. come back!

biker scouts race around and over the two droids, blasting away at the 
little ewoks as the furries scurry for cover.

a group of ewoks have moved a primitive catapult into position. they 
fire off a large boulder that hits one of the walkers. the walker turns 
and heads for the catapult, blasting away with both guns. the ewoks 
abandon their weapons and flee in all directions. just as the walker 
moves in to stomp the catapult, ewoks drop vines restraining two huge 
logs that swing down and smash thewalker's head flat.

a line of ewoks hang desperately to a vine that is hooked to a walker's 
foot. as the walker moves along, the fuzzy creatures are dragged 
behind.

two speeder bikes chase ewoks through the underbrush. as the scouts 
round a tree, they are knocked off their bikes by a vinetied between 
two trees.

