18   int rancor pit

luke and the guard have dropped twenty-five feet from a chute into the 
dungeonlike cage. luke gets to his feet as the guard yells hysterically 
for help. a crowd gathers up around the edge of the pit as the door in 
the side of the pit starts to rumble open. the guard screams in panic. 
luke looks calmly around for a means of escape.

threepio
oh, no! the rancor!

at the side of the pit, an iron door rumbles upward and a giant, fanged 
rancor emerges. the guard runs to the side of the pit and tries 
futilely to scramble to the top. the hideous beast closes in on him.

the rancor moves past luke, and as the guard continues to scramble, the 
rancor picks him up and pops him into its slavering jaws. a few 
screams, and the guard is swallowed with a gulp. the audience cheers 
and laughs at the guard's fate.

the monster turns and starts for luke. the young jedi dashes away just 
ahead of the monster's swipe at him, and picks up the long arm bone of 
an earlier victim. the monster grabs luke and brings him up to his 
salivating mouth. at the last moment, luke wedges the bone in the 
monster's mouth and is dropped to the floor. the monster bellows in 
rage and flails about, hitting the side of the pit, causing an 
avalanche.

the monster crushes the bone in its jaws and sees luke, who squeezes 
into a crevice in the pit wall. luke looks past the monster to the 
holding cave beyond. on the far side of the holding cave is a utility 
door--if only he can get to it. the rancor spots luke and reaches into 
the crevice for him. luke grabs a large rock and raises it, smashing it 
down on the rancor's finger.

19   holding tunnel - rancor pit

the rancor lets out a loud howl as luke makes a run for the holding 
cave. he reaches the door and pushes a button to open it. when he 
succeeds, he sees a heavy barred gate between him and safety. beyond 
the gate two guards look up from their dinner. luke turns to see the 
monster heading for him, and pulls with all his might on the gate. the 
guards move to the gate and start poking at the young jedi with spears, 
laughing.

luke crouches (against the wall) as the monster starts to reach for 
him. suddenly he notices a main door control panel halfway up the wall. 
as the rancor moves in for the kill, luke picks up a skull from the 
cave floor and hurls it at the panel. the giant overhead door comes 
crashing down on the beast's head, squashing it like a sledgehammer on 
an egg.

a startled gasp is heard from the stunned court. there's consternation 
at this turn of events. heads look to jabba, who is actually turning 
red with anger. leia cannot suppress her joy. jabba utters harsh 
commands to his guards and they hurry off.

jabba	 (in huttese subtitled)
bring me solo and the wookiee. they will all suffer for this outrage.

