37   ext skiff

luke continues to destroy the aliens on the guards' skiff, as han 
extends his spear downward to lando, who is still dangling precariously 
from a rope on the prisoner's skiff.

han
lando, grab it!

lando
lower it!

han
i'm trying!

a major hit from the barge deck gun knocks the skiff on its side. han 
and almost everything else on board slides overboard. the rope breaks, 
and lando falls to the side of the sarlacc pit. luckily, han's foot 
catches on the skiff railing and he dangles above lando and the pit. 
the wounded wookiee holds onto the skiff for dear life as another hit 
from the deck gun rocks the skiff violently.

han
whoa! whoa! grab me, chewie! i'm slipping.

chewie grabs hold of han's feet, holding him upside down, as han 
extends the spear toward lando, who is clutching to the side of the 
pit.

han
grab it! l--lando. grab!

luke finishes off the last guard on the second skiff. he sees the deck 
gun blasting away at his helpless companions. luke leaps from the 
skiff, across a chasm of air, to the sheer metallic side of the sail 
barge. barely able to get a fingerhold, he begins a painful climb up 
the hull, when suddenly an ax smashes through a window an inch from his 
head. with jedi agility, luke grasps the wrist holding the ax and yanks 
the helpless guard through the broken window and into the deadly pit.

the injured chewie is reaching over the rail for the dangling han, who 
is in turn blindly reaching down toward the desperate lando. the baron 
has stopped his slippage down the sandy slope of the sarlacc pit by 
lying very still. every time he tries to reach for han, the loose sand 
moves him closer to his final reward.

han
grab it! almost... you almost got it!

another blast hits the front of the tilted skiff, causing lando to let 
go of the spear.

lando
hold it! whoa!

again han extends the spear toward lando.

han
gently now. all... all right. now easy, easy. hold me, chewie.

lando screams. one of the sarlacc's tentacles has wrapped tightly 
around his ankle, dragging him down the side of the pit.

han
chewie! chewie, give me the gun. don't move, lando.

lando
no, wait! i thought you were blind!

han
it's all right. trust me. don't move.

lando
all right! a little higher! just a little higher!

han adjusts his aim as lando lowers his head, and the fuzzy-eyed pirate 
fires at the tentacle. direct hit. the tentacle releases lando, and 
chewie starts to pull them on board the skiff.

han
chewie, pull us up! come on! okay... up, chewie, up!

