90   int death star - emperor's throne room

the elevator opens. vader and luke enter the room alone. they walk 
across the dark space to stand before the throne, father and son side 
by side beneath the gaze of the emperor. vader bows to his master.

emperor
welcome, young skywalker. i have been expecting you.

luke peers at the hooded figure defiantly. the emperor then looks down 
at luke's binders.

emperor
you no longer need those.

the emperor motions ever so slightly with his finger and luke's binders 
fall away, clattering to the floor. luke looks down at his own hands, 
free now to reach out and grab the emperor's neck. he does nothing.

emperor
guards, leave us.

the red-cloaked guards turn and disappear behind the elevator.

emperor	 (to luke)
i'm looking forward to completing your training. in time you will call 
me master.

luke
you're gravely mistaken. you won't convert me as you did my father.

the emperor gets down from his throne and walks up very close to luke. 
the emperor looks into his eyes and, for the first time, luke can 
perceive the evil visage within the hood.

emperor
oh, no, my young jedi. you will find that it is you who are 
mistaken...about a great many things.

vader
his lightsaber.

vader extends a gloved hand toward the emperor, revealing luke's 
lightsaber. the emperor takes it.

emperor
ah, yes, a jedi's weapon. much like your father's. by now you must know 
your father can never be turned from the dark side. so will it be with 
you.

luke
you're wrong. soon i'll be dead...and you with me.

the emperor laughs.

emperor
perhaps you refer to the imminent attack of your rebel fleet.

luke looks up sharply.

emperor
yes...i assure you we are quite safe from your friends here.

vader looks at luke.

luke
your overconfidence is your weakness.

emperor
your faith in your friends is yours.

vader
it is pointless to resist, my son.

the emperor turns to face luke.

emperor	 (angry)
everything that has transpired has done so according to my design. 
(indicates endor)
your friends up there on the sanctuary moon...

luke reacts. the emperor notes it.

emperor	 (cont)
...are walking into a trap. as is your rebel fleet! it was i who 
allowed the alliance to know the location of the shield generator. it 
is quite safe from your pitiful little band. an entire legion of my 
best troops awaits them.

luke's look darts from the emperor to vader and, finally, to the sword 
in the emperor's hand.

emperor
oh...i'm afraid the deflector shield will be quite operational when 
your friends arrive.

