53   int headquarters frigate - main briefing room

hundreds of rebel commanders of all races and forms are assembled in 
the war room. wedge is among them. in the center of the room is a 
holographic model depicting the half-completed imperial death star, the 
nearby moon of endor, and the protecting deflector shield.

mon mothma, the leader of the alliance, enters the room. she is a stern 
but beautiful woman in her fifties. conferring with her are several 
military leaders, including general madine and admiral ackbar (a 
salmon-colored mon calamari). lando moves through the crowd until he 
finds han and chewie, standing next to leia and the two droids.

han peers at lando's new insignia on his chest, and is amused.

han
well, look at you, a general, huh?

 lando
 oh, well, someone must have told them about my little maneuver at the 
battle of taanab.

han	 (sarcastic)
well, don't look at me, pal. i just said you were a fair pilot. i 
didn't know they were
lookin' for somebody to lead this crazy attack.

lando	 (smiling)
i'm surprised they didn't ask you to do it.

han
well, who says they didn't.  but i ain't crazy. you're the respectable 
one, remember?

mon mothma signals for attention, and the room falls silent.

mon mothma
the emperor has made a critical error and the time for our attack has 
come.

this causes a stir. mon mothma turns to a holographic model of the 
death star, the endor moon and the protecting deflector shield in the 
center of the room.

mon mothma
the data brought to us by the bothan spies pinpoints the exact location 
of the emperor's new battle station. we also know that the weapon 
systems of this death star are not yet operational. with the imperial 
fleet spread throughout the galaxy in a vain effort to engage us, it is 
relatively unprotected. but most important of all, we've learned that 
the emperor himself is personally overseeing the final stages of the 
construction of this death star.

a volley of spirited chatter erupts from the crowd. han turns to leia 
as chewie barks his amazement.

mon mothma	 (cont)
many bothans died to bring us this information. admiral ackbar, please.

admiral ackbar steps forward and points to the death star's force field 
and the moon of endor.

ackbar
you can see here the death star orbiting the forest moon of endor. 
although the weapon
systems on this death star are not yet operational, the death star does 
have a strong defense mechanism. it is protected by an energy shield, 
which is generated from the nearby forest moon of endor. the shield 
must be deactivated if any attack is to be attempted. once the shield 
is down, our cruisers will create a perimeter, while the fighters fly 
into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the main reactor.

there's a concerned murmur.

ackbar	 (cont)
general calrissian has volunteered to lead the fighter attack

han turns to lando with a look of respect.

han
good luck.

lando nods his thanks.

han
you're gonna need it.

ackbar
general madine.

madine moves center stage.

general madine
we have stolen a small imperial shuttle. disguised as a cargo ship, and 
using a secret
imperial code, a strike team will land on the moon and deactivate the 
shield generator.

the assembly begins to mumble among themselves.

threepio
sounds dangerous.

leia	 (to han)
i wonder who they found to pull that off.

general madine
general solo, is your strike team assembled?

leia, startled, looks up at han, surprise changing to admiration.

han
uh, my team's ready. i don't have a command crew for the shuttle.

chewbacca raises his hairy paw and volunteers.  han looks up at him.

han
well, it's gonna be rough, pal. i didn't want to speak for you.

chewie waves that off with a huge growl.

han	 (smiles)
that's one.

leia
uh, general... count me in.

voice	 (os)
i'm with you, too!

they turn in that direction and peer into the crowd as there are more 
cheers. the commanders part, and there at the back stands luke. han and 
leia are surprised and delighted.

leia moves to luke and embraces him warmly. she senses a change in him 
and looks into his eyes questioningly.

leia
 what is it?

luke	 (hesitant)
ask me again sometime.

han, chewie, and lando crowd around luke as the assembly breaks up.

han
luke.

luke
hi, han... chewie.

artoo beeps a singsong observation to a worried threepio.

 threepio
"exciting" is hardly the word i would use.

