125  int emperor's tower - throne room

luke stands still, as the emperor reaches the bottom of thestairs. the 
emperor's laughter has turned to anger. he raises his arms toward luke.

emperor
if you will not be turned, you will be destroyed.

blinding bolts of energy, evil lightning, shoot from the emperor's 
hands at luke. even in his surprise, the young jedi tries to use the 
force to deflect them. at first he is half successful, but after a 
moment the bolts of energy are coming with such speed and power the 
young jedi shrinks before them, his knees buckling. the wounded vader 
struggles to his feet, and moves to stand at his master's side.

emperor
young fool...only now, at the end, do you understand.

luke is almost unconscious beneath the continuing assault of the 
emperor's lightning. he clutches a canister to keep from falling into 
the bottomless shaft as the bolts tear through him.

emperor
your feeble skills are no match for the power of the dark side. you 
have paid the price for
your lack of vision.

luke writhes on the floor in unbearable pain, reaching weakly up toward 
where vader stands watching.

luke	 (groans)
father, please. help me.

again vader stands, watching luke. he looks at his master, the emperor, 
then back to luke on the floor.

emperor
now, young skywalker...you will die.

although it would not have seemed possible, the outpouring of bolts 
from the emperor's fingers actually increases in intensity, the sound 
screaming through the room. luke's body writhes in pain.

vader grabs the emperor from behind, fighting for control of the robed 
figure despite the dark lord's weakened body and gravely weakened arm. 
the emperor struggles in his embrace, his bolt-shooting hands now 
lifted high, away from luke. now the white lightning arcs back to 
strike at vader. he stumbles with his load as the sparks rain off his 
helmet and flow down over his black cape. he holds his evil master high 
over his head and walks to the edge of the abyss at the central core of 
the throne room. with one final burst of his once awesome strength, 
darth vader hurls the emperor's body into the bottomless shaft.

the emperor's body spins helplessly into the void, arcing as it falls 
into the abyss. finally, when the body is far down the shaft, it 
explodes, creating a rush of air through the room.vader's cape is 
whipped by the wind and he staggers, and collapses toward the 
bottomless hole. luke crawls to his father's side and pulls him away 
from the edge of the abyss to safety. both the young jedi and the giant 
warrior are too weak to move.

