35   ext skiff

boba lands on the skiff and starts to aim his laser gun at luke, who 
has freed han and chewie from their bonds. but before boba can fire, 
the young jedi spins on him, lightsaber sweeping, and hacks the bounty 
hunter's gun in half.

immediately, the skiff takes another direct hit from the barge's deck 
gun. shards of skiff deck fly. chewie and han are thrown against the 
rail.

han
chewie, you okay? where is he?

the wookiee is wounded and he howls in pain.

han
i'm okay, pal.

for a moment, luke is distracted, and in that moment, boba fires a 
cable out of his armored sleeve. instantly, luke is wrapped in a strong 
cable, his arms pinned against his side, his sword arm free only from 
the wrist down.  luke bends his wrist so the lightsaber points straight 
up to reach the wire lasso and cuts through. luke shrugs away the cable 
and stands free.

another blast from the barge's deck gun hits near boba and he is 
knocked unconscious to the deck, next to where lando is hanging.

lando
han! chewie?

han
lando!

luke is a little shaken but remains standing as a fusillade brackets 
him. the second skiff, loaded with guards firing their weapons, moves 
in on luke fast. luke leaps toward the incoming second skiff. the young 
jedi leaps into the middle of the second skiff and begins decimating 
the guards from their midst.

chewie, wounded, tries to lift himself as he barks directions to han, 
guiding him toward a spear which has been dropped by one of the guards. 
han searches the deck as chewie barks directions; finally he grabs hold 
of the spear.

boba fett, badly shaken, rises from the deck. he looks over at the 
other skiff, where luke is whipping a mass of guards. boba raises his 
arm, and aims his lethal appendage.

chewie barks desperately at han.

han
boba fett?! boba fett?! where?

the space pirate turns around blindly, and the long spear in his hand 
whacks squarely in the middle of boba's rocket pack.

the impact of the swing causes the rocket pack to ignite. boba blasts 
off, flying over the second skiff like a missile, smashing against the 
side of the huge sail barge and sliding away into the pit. he screams 
as his armored body makes its last flight past lando and directly into 
the mucous mouth of the sarlacc. the sarlacc burps. chewie growls a 
weak congratulations to han.

