74   ext ewok village square

the procession winds its way into the village square. mother ewoks 
gather their babies up and scurry into their huts at the sight of the 
newcomers. the group stops before the largest hut.

han, luke, chewie, and artoo are still bound to their poles. han is 
placed on a spit above what looks like a barbecue pit and the others 
are leaned against a tree nearby. threepio's litter/throne is gently 
placed near the pit. he watches with rapt fascination. han, luke, and 
chewie are less than fascinated.

han
i have a really bad feeling about this.

chewie growls his concern.

suddenly all activity stops as logray, the tribal medicine man, comes 
out of the big hut. he examines the captives carefully, goes to join 
threepio, whose throne has been placed on an elevated platform. a 
larger, gray-haired ewok, chief chirpa, is examining luke's lightsaber 
with great curiosity.

logray speaks to threepio and the assemblage of fuzzy ewoks, pointing 
to the prisoners tied to the stakes. the ewoks begin filling the pit 
under han with firewood.

han
what did he say?

threepio
i'm rather embarrassed, general solo, but it appears you are to be the 
main course at a
banquet in my honor.

the drums start beating, and all the furry heads turn to the large hut. 
leia emerges, wearing an animal-skin dress. she sees what's happening 
at the same moment the prisoners see her.

han and luke
leia!

as she moves toward them, the ewoks block her way with raised spears.

leia
oh!

threepio
your royal highness.

artoo and chewie chime in with their welcome. leia looks at the 
assembled ewoks and sighs.

leia
but these are my friends. threepio, tell them they must be set free.

threepio talks to chirpa and logray, who listen and shake their heads 
negatively. the medicine man gestures toward the prisoners and barks 
some orders. several ewoks jump up and pile more wood on the barbecue 
with vigor. leia trades frantic looks with luke and han .

han
somehow, i got the feeling that didn't help us very much.

luke
threepio, tell them if they don't do as you wish, you'll become angry 
and use your magic.

threepio
but master luke, what magic? i couldn't possibly --

luke
just tell them.

threepio speaks to the ewoks. the ewoks are disturbed. logray steps 
forward and challenges threepio. luke closes his eyes and begins to 
concentrate.

threepio
you see, master luke; they didn't believe me. just...

now the litter/throne, with threepio sitting upon it, rises from the 
ground. at first threepio doesn't notice and keeps talking.

threepio
... as i said they wouldn't. wha-wha-what's happening! oh! oh, dear! 
oh!

the ewoks fall back in terror from the floating throne. now threepio 
begins to spin as though he were on a revolving stool, with threepio 
calling out in total panic at his situation.

threepio
put me down! he-e-elp! master luke! artoo! somebody, somebody, help! 
master luke, artoo! artoo, quickly! do something, somebody! oh! ohhh!

chief chirpa yells orders to the cowering ewoks. they rush up and 
release the bound prisoners. luke and han enfold leia in a group 
embrace. luke notices the spinning threepio, with artoo beeping up at 
him, and slowly lowers the golden droid and the throne to the ground. 
logray orders the little droid cut down. artoo crashes to the ground. 
when the ewoks set him upright, the little droid is fighting mad. artoo 
beeps a blue streak at the nearest ewok, and begins pursuing him, 
finally getting close enough to zap him with an electric charge. the 
ewok jumps two feet in the air and runs away, screaming. a small group 
of ewoks surround the giant wookiee, scratching their heads and 
marveling at his height.

threepio
oh, oh, oh, oh! thank goodness.

luke
thanks, threepio.

threepio	 (still shaken)
i...i never knew i had it in me.

