65   ext forest - the bike chase

the two fleeing imperial scouts have a good lead as luke and leia 
pursue through the giant trees at 200 miles an hour, the fire from 
their bike's laser cannon hitting harmlessly near the moving targets.

luke
move closer!

leia guns it, closing the gap, as the two scouts recklessly veer 
through a narrow gap in the trees. one of the bikes scrapes a tree, 
slowing the scout.

luke
get alongside that one!

leia pulls her speeder bike up so close to the scout's bike that their 
steering vanes scrape noisily. luke leaps from his bike to the back of 
the scout's, grabs the imperial warrior around the neck, and flips him 
off the bike, into a thick tree trunk. luke gains control of the bike 
and follows leia, who has pulled ahead. they tear off after the 
remaining scout.

luke
get him!

the speeding chase passes two more imperial scouts. these two swing 
into pursuit, chasing luke and leia, firing away with their laser 
cannon. the two rebels look behind them just as luke's bike takes a 
glancing hit.

luke	 (indicating the one ahead)
keep on that one! i'll take these two!

with leia shooting ahead, luke suddenly slams his steering vanes into 
the braking mode. luke's bike is a blur to the two pursuing scouts as 
they zip by him on either side. luke slams his bike into forward and 
starts firing away, having switched places with his pursuers in a 
manner of seconds. luke's aim is good and one scout's bike is blasted 
out of control. it explodes against a tree trunk.

the scout's cohort takes one glance back at the flash and shifts into 
turbo drive, going even faster. luke keeps on his tail.

far ahead, leia and the first scout are doing a highspeed slalom 
through the death-dealing trunks. now leia aims her bike skyward and 
rises out of sight.

the scout turns in confusion, unable to see his pursuer. suddenly, leia 
dives down upon him from above, cannon blasting. the scout's bike takes 
a glancing hit.

leia moves in alongside him. the scout eyes her beside him, reaches 
down, and pulls out a handgun. before leia can react, the scout has 
blasted her bike, sending it out of control. leia dives off as her bike 
explodes against a tree. the happy scout looks back at the explosion. 
but when he turns forward again, he is on a collision course with a 
giant fallen tree. he hits his brakes to no avail and disappears in a 
conflagration.

another part of the forest: luke and the last remaining scout continue 
their weaving chase through the trees. now luke moves up close. the 
scout responds by slamming his bike into luke's. a fallen tree forms a 
bridge across their path. the scout zips under. luke goes over the top 
and crashes his bike down on the scout's. both riders look ahead - a 
wide trunk looms directly in luke's path, but the scout's bike beside 
him makes it almost impossible for him to avoid it. luke banks with all 
his might, leaning almost horizontal over the scout's bike, and is able 
to make it by, just clipping the tree. when he straightens, he and the 
scout discover that their two bikes have locked front vanes and are 
moving as one.

another big tree looms in luke's path. he reacts instinctively and 
dives off his bike. the two bikes come apart a second before luke's 
explodes against a tree. the scout sweeps out and circles back to find 
luke.

luke rises from the undergrowth as the scout bears down on him and 
opens fire with his laser cannon. luke ignites his laser sword and 
begins deflecting the bolts. the scout's bike keeps coming and it 
appears that in a second it will cut luke in half. at the last instant, 
luke steps aside and chops off the bike's control vanes with one mighty 
slash. the scout's bike begins to shudder, then, pitching and rolling, 
it rises up to slam directly into a tree in a giant ball of fire.

