11   int jabba's throne room

the court of jabba the hutt is in the midst of a drunken, raucous 
party. sloppy, smelly monsters cheer and make rude noises as oola and a 
fat female dancer perform in front of jabba's throne.

jabba leers at the dancers and with a lustful gleam in his eye beckons 
oola to come and sit with him. she stops dancing and backs away, 
shaking her head. jabba gets angry and points to a spot next to him.

jabba
da eitha!

the lovely alien shakes her head again and screams.

oola
na chuba negatorie na! na! natoota...

jabba is furious and pulls her toward him, tugging on the chain.

jabba
boscka!

he pushes a button and, before the dancer can flee, a trap door in the 
floor springs open and swallows her up. as the door snaps shut, a 
muffled growl is followed by a hideous scream. jabba and his monstrous 
friends laugh hysterically and several revelers hurry over to watch her 
fate through a grate.

threepio cringes and glances wistfully at the carbonite form of han 
solo, but is immediately distracted by a gunshot offscreen.Êan 
unnatural quiet sweeps the boisterous gathering. on the far side of the 
room, the crush of debauchers moves aside to allow the approach of two 
guards followed by boushh, an oddly cloaked bounty hunter, leading his 
captive, han solo's copilot, chewbacca the wookiee.

bib takes his place next to his disgusting master, and whispers into 
his ear, pointing at chewbacca and the bounty hunter. jabba listens 
intently, then the bounty hunter bows before the gangster and speaks a 
greeting in a strange, electronically processed tongue (ubese).

boushh	 (in ubese subtitled)
i have come for the bounty on this wookiee.

threepio
oh, no! chewbacca!

jabba	 (in huttese subtitled)
at last we have the mighty chewbacca.

jabba lets out a loud, long, blood-curdling laugh and turns to 
threepio, waving him closer. the reluctant droid obeys.

threepio
oh, uh, yes, uh, i am here, your worshipfulness. uh... yes!

jabba continues speaking, as threepio nervously translates. boushh 
listens, studying the dangerous creatures around the room. he notices 
boba fett standing near the door.

threepio
oh. the illustrious jabba bids you welcome and will gladly pay you the 
reward of twenty-five thousand.

boushh	 (in ubese subtitled)
i want fifty thousand. no less.

jabba immediately flies into a rage, knocking the golden droid off the 
raised throne into a clattering heap on the floor. boushh adjusts his 
weapon as jabba raves in huttese and threepio struggles back onto the 
throne. the disheveled droid tries to compose himself.

threepio
uh, oh... but what, what did i say?
(to boushh)
uh, the mighty jabba asks why he must pay fifty thousand.

the bounty hunter holds up a small silver ball in his hand. threepio 
looks at it, then looks at jabba, then back to the bounty hunter. the 
droid is very nervous and jabba is getting very impatient.

threepio
because he's holding a thermal detonator.

the guards instantly back away, as do most of the other monsters in the 
room. jabba stares at the silver ball, which begins to glow in the 
bounty hunter's hand. the room has fallen into a tense hush. jabba 
stares at the bounty hunter malevolently until a sly grin creeps across 
his vast mouth and he begins to laugh.

jabba	 (in huttese subtitled)
this bounty hunter is my kind of scum. fearless and inventive.

jabba continues.

threepio
jabba offers the sum of thirty-five. and i suggest you take it.

bib and the other monsters study the bounty hunter and wait for his 
reaction. boushh releases a switch on the thermal detonator and it goes 
dead.

boushh
zeebuss.

threepio
he agrees!

the raucous crowd of monsters erupts in a symphony of cheers and 
applause as the party returns to its full noisy pitch. chewbacca 
growls. as he is led away we spot lando calrissian, disguised as a 
skiff guard in a partial face mask. the band starts up and dancing 
girls take the center of the floor, to the hoots of the loudly 
appreciative creatures.

boushh leans against a column with gunfighter cool and surveys the 
scene, his gaze stopping only when it connects with a glare from across 
the room. boba fett is watching him. boushh shifts slightly, cradling 
his weapon lovingly. boba fett shifts with equally ominous arrogance.

