122  int emperor's tower - throne room

vader stalks the low-ceilinged area on the level below the throne, 
searching for luke in the semi-darkness, his lightsaber held ready.

vader
you cannot hide forever, luke.

luke
i will not fight you.

vader
give yourself to the dark side. it is the only way you can save your 
friends. yes, your
thoughts betray you. your feelings for them are strong. especially 
for...

vader stops and senses something. luke shuts his eyes tightly, in 
anguish.

vader
sister! so...you have a twin sister. your feelings have now betrayed 
her, too. obi-wan
was wise to hide her from me. now his failure is complete. if you will 
not turn to the dark
side, then perhaps she will.

luke
never-r-r!

luke ignites his lightsaber and screams in anger, rushing at hisfather 
with a frenzy we have not seen before. sparks fly as luke and vader 
fight in the cramped area. luke's hatred forces vader to retreat out of 
the low area and across a bridge overlooking a vast elevator shaft. 
each stroke of luke's sword drives his father further toward defeat.

the dark lord is knocked to his knees, and as he raises his sword to 
block another onslaught, luke slashes vader's right hand off at the 
wrist, causing metal and electronic parts to fly from the mechanical 
stump. vader's sword clatters uselessly away, over the
edge of the platform and into the bottomless shaft below. luke moves 
over vader and holds the blade of his sword to the dark lord's throat. 
the emperor watches with uncontrollable, pleased agitation.

emperor
good! your hate has made you powerful. now, fulfill your destiny and 
take your father's
place at my side!

luke looks at his father's mechanical hand, then to his own mechanical, 
black-gloved hand, and realizes how much he is becoming like his 
father. he makes the decision for which he has spent a lifetime in 
preparation. luke steps back and hurls his lightsaber away.

luke
never! i'll never turn to the dark side. you've failed, your highness. 
i am a jedi,
like my father before me.

the emperor's glee turns to rage.

emperor
so be it...jedi.

