71   ext forest - dense foliage

the group has reached a break in the undergrowth. chewie walks up to a 
tall stake planted in the ground. there is a dead animal hanging from 
it.

han
hey, i don't get it.

the rest of the group joins the wookiee around the stake.

han	 (cont)
nah, it's just a dead animal, chewie.

chewie can't resist. he reaches toward the meat.

luke
chewie, wa-wait!  don't!

too late. the wookiee has already pulled the animal from the stake. 
sprooing! the group finds itself hanging upside down in an ewok net, 
suspended high above the clearing. artoo lets out a wild series of 
beeps and whistles, and chewie howls his regret. their bodies are a 
jumble in the net. han removes a wookiee paw from his mouth.

han
nice work. great, chewie! great! always thinking with your stomach.

luke
will you take it easy? let's just figure out a way to get out of this 
thing. 
(trying to free an arm) 
han, can you reach my lightsaber?

han
yeah, sure.

artoo is at the bottommost point in the net. he extends his cutting 
appendage and begins slicing at the net. han is trying to squeeze an 
arm past threepio to get at luke's lightsaber. the net continues to 
spin.

threepio
artoo, i'm not sure that's such a good idea. it's a very long dro-o-
op!!

artoo has cut through and the entire group tumbles out of the net, 
crashing to the ground. as they regain their senses and sit up, they 
realize they are surrounded by dozens of ewoks, each brandishing a long 
spear.

han
wha--?  hey!  point that thing someplace else.

han pushes the spear wielded by teebo out of his face and a second ewok 
warrior comes up to argue with teebo. the spear returns to han's face. 
he grabs it angrily and starts to go for his laser pistol.

han
hey!

luke
han, don't. it'll be all right.

the ewoks swarm through them and confiscate their weapons. luke lets 
them take his lightsaber. chewie growls at the furry critters.

luke
chewie, give 'em your crossbow.

artoo and threepio are just untangling themselves. threepio gets free 
of the net and sits up, rattled.

threepio
oh, my head. oh, my goodness!

when the ewoks see threepio, they let out a gasp and chatter among 
themselves. threepio speaks to them in their native tongue. the ewok 
nearest him drops his spear and prostrates himself before the droid. in 
a moment, all the ewoks have followed suit. chewie lets out a puzzled 
bark. han and luke regard the bowed creatures in wonder. the ewoks 
begin to chant at threepio.

luke
do you understand anything they're saying?

threepio
oh, yes, master luke!  remember that i am fluent in over six million 
forms of
communication.

han
what are you telling them?

threepio
hello, i think... i could be mistaken. they're using a very primitive 
dialect.  but
i do believe they think i am some sort of god.

chewbacca and artoo think that's very funny. han and luke exchange 
"what next?" looks.

han
well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this?

threepio
i beg your pardon, general solo, but that just wouldn't be proper.

han
proper?!

threepio
it's against my programming to impersonate a deity.

han moves toward threepio threateningly.

han
why, you--

several ewoks' spears are thrust in han's face at the affront to their 
god. the ewoks move in to protect their god and han is surrounded by a 
menacing circle of spears, all aimed at him. he holds up his hands 
placatingly.

han
my mistake. he's an old friend of mine.

