40   int. hallway - morning                                            40

     clutching new textbooks, sara starts down the hallway.
     she's hoping nothing in her face reveals the rising panic
     in her heart. she's surrounded. alone. every inch of
     her feels afraid.


     sara's pov

     as she moves forward. a crush of kids -- mostly black
     with a sprinkling of white and latino faces thrown in.
     kids like her. only they don't dress like her. they
     dress like commercials for tommy hilfiger and calvin
     klein. and they definitely don't sound like her...

                                teenager #1
                  yo, man, check it, the
                  muthafuckers wasn't playin', they
                  was jackin'. ten rides in five
                  days. for real.

                                teenager #2
                  fools got caught for real too.
                  ten years in five days. stall
                  that shit!

     sara walks on, taking this netherworld in, eavesdropping
     on other conversations. it's not just the words. it's
     how they say them: loud. matter-of-fact. cool. a
     cooler cool. like they breathe static electricity.

                                                        (continued)

                                                               16.

40   continued:                                                      40

     that's it! the entire student body is energized. sara's
     thoughts are jolted by two black girls squeezing by. one
     clips sara's elbow as she passes, knocking it against a
     locker. they keep going as if they don't see her. no
     one seems to see her. welcome to mass avoidance at
     patterson high.


41   at sara's locker       - later                                  41

     sara's back is to a black girl striding purposefully
     toward her. chenille -- tall, pretty, with about a
     million braids in her hair -- swoops sara's backpack from
     the floor. thrusts it at her.

                                chenille
                  that's how easy it is to give to
                  charity around here. don't put
                  your shit on the floor.

                                   sara
                            (cautions a smile)
                  thanks.

     she closes her locker, starts to say something else.
     she's eager to make a friend. one friend. but
     chenille's gone.


42   another corridor                                                42

     sara memorizes the schedule of classes in her hand. she
     passes a clutch of students who surround a kid in the
     middle like a horseshoe. sara gets a fleeting glimpse of
     him.


     sara's pov - patrick reynolds

     eye candy: tall. dark. heartbreakingly handsome. if
     patterson were a monarchy, patrick would be king. he
     sure holds court like one, turning on his dazzling smile
     and abundant charm for the crowd. one gets the sense
     that the all-american home boy is almost as enraptured
     with himself as the sycophants around him.


