               int. castel's storage unit -- day

               darkness -- a key turning -- door opening -- light goes on 
               to reveal castel standing there and we're in --

               castel's storage unit. what's in here? like nothing. like a 
               stack of old newspapers in the corner. some mildewed books 
               piled along one wall. some shitty plastic chairs.

               quick time cuts

               castel working fast. closing the door. moving to the pile of 
               books. taking the top book off. opening it.

               inside the box -- a timer. a small bomb. a booby-trap. an 
               led light stops flashing as castel's hands code in his 
               password and --

               castel moving to the newspapers stacked in the corner.  
               pulling away the top pile and --

               a metal lock box. hidden here. castle pulling it out. opening 
               it. an empty tray on top and --

               castel taking off his watch. taking off his rings. taking 
               out his wallet. his spanish passport. emptying his pockets. 
               all of this goes into the empty tray and --

               castel lifting away this top tray -- setting it aside and --

               the metal lock box -- there's more -- a much larger bottom 
               compartment -- and it's deja-vu all over again -- we're 
               looking at the identical contents we saw bourne find in the 
               zurich safe-deposit box.

               first of all...

               money. lots of it. ten thousand dollar stacks of hundreds. 
               lots of them. a gun. a very good gun. a dozen clips of ammo. 
               and five more passports. all clean. brand new. all with his 
               photo. five different names. four different countries. each 
               one of these pristine clipped to a piece of card stock that 
               says:

               name: 
               nationality: 
               place of issue: 
               signature sample: 
               a bar code: 
               two italian. two spanish. a portuguese.

               castel going for the portuguese passport and --

