               int. paris morgue -- night

               not the best morgue in town. cold tile. a wall of freezers. 
               death lighting. now add some color. meet nykwana wombosi in 
               the flesh.

               meet his entourage -- eight or ten of his thirty children -- 
               two of his wives -- three of his bodyguards -- the whole 
               crew spread out in this horrible basement room. the wives 
               are chatting. the kids are playing, fighting and eating candy.

               the bodyguards -- three of them here -- are white. these 
               guys are french/corsican mercs. not quite the a-team. the 
               guy in charge of this ugly little unit is named deauvage. 
               into it. too into it.

               two morgue attendants hanging back. the morgue boss -- who's 
               clearly suffering this for a bribe -- moves to one of the 
               freezer lockers...

                                     morgue boss
                              (french)
                         okay, monsieur kane... number 121...

               and he pulls open freezer #121. and thank god we can't see 
               it, because whatever's inside there is clearly horrible. the 
               morgue boss barely takes a glance, standing back as quickly 
               as possible.

               deauvage -- lead bodyguard -- moves to clear a zone for his 
               boss --

                                     wombosi
                         get the fuck out of my way --
                              (pushing deauvage 
                              aside --)

               wombosi moves to the freezer box. stares down. as if it were 
               nothing. he's seen -- he's made -- much, much worse. and now 
               he reaches down into the box -- hands on -- literally feeling 
               around this dead, awful corpse with his bare hands -- feeling 
               around for something -- feeling and feeling and not finding --

                                     wombosi
                              (turning to deauvage --)
                         it's not him.

               deauvage looking pale as wombosi slams shut the freezer.

                                     wombosi
                              (quiet hard fury)
                         so who's crazy now?

