	int.  military base hospital - day

	the once-pristine hospital with its glowing white beds is now
	a bloody chaos.  every bed is already full; there are burned
	and broken people on the floor -- soldiers, sailors,
	civilians, firemen, all mixed in together.  people are dying
	everywhere, and screaming in pain, or moaning and begging for
	help.  at first we don't see evelyn, and wonder if she
	survived the glass; then we see her, flecks of her own blood
	dotting her face and arms.  the blood of soldiers on her
	surgical apron.  a steel calm has replaced her earlier
	frenzy, even as the other nurses are breaking down.

					sandra
			i can't tell who's gotten morphine and
			who hasn't!

					evelyn
			take a grease pencil and mark an m on the
			forehead of everyone you stick.

	a young doctor is trying to give an intravenous injection to
	a man who's badly charred; the doctors hands are shaking.

					evelyn
			don't look for a vein, just poke.

					sandra
			my pen's dry!

					evelyn
			use lipstick.  use ammo belts for
			tourniquets, use your own nylons if you
			have to!  barbara!  grab anything that
			will hold a pint of blood and sterilize
			it.

	the doctors are amputating limbs right there in the hallway.
	a senior doctor calls --

					senior doctor
			evelyn!  you have to do the triage!
			they're bringing them in with trucks!

	evelyn moves to the door.  trucks are pulling up, loaded with
	the wounded, young terrified soldiers bringing them inside;
	evelyn does quick triage as they pass.

					evelyn
			critical -- front ward!... give him
			morphine, he can't wait...

	the next body through is a pilot, wings on his uniform, his
	chest riddled with bullets -- and his face shot off.  for a
	moment evelyn falters, then she forces herself to check the
	dog tags...

	it isn't rafe or danny.  evelyn sags in guilty relief.

					evelyn
			take him outside and cover him; he's
			dead.

	she steadies herself as the next body comes through, a woman
	on a stretcher, her stomach shot open, pale hands clutching
	at the open wound.  evelyn feels for a pulse.

					evelyn
			she's gone too, take her --

	it's betty.

	and though the bombs are blasting and guns booming
	everywhere, the world goes silent for evelyn.

	one of the sailors outside the door is pointing to the
	harbor, the nevada has begun to move.

