	int.  quonset hut - day

	the other pilots run in, throw open the gun locker, and start
	grabbing weapons -- aircraft machine guns, ammo belts, one
	even grabs a rifle.

	sandbags by the shed

	the two groups run back and start to set up.

					rafe
			danny, over there!  we're in a canyon,
			they'll come straight down it, we'll get
			'em in a crossfire.

	danny, rafe and earl run to a gully opposite the shed and set
	up there, as the other pilots brace the machine guns against
	the sandbags.

	the japanese planes attacks again.  this time the lead plane
	hits a wall of steel fired from the combined guns; the
	bullets chew into the bomb it carries and the plane explodes.
	the airborne debris makes the following planes shear off.

	red's standing, firing; he yells at the zeros --

					red
			d-don't like it when we fight back, do
			ya!

	red runs out with his machine gun and keeps firing even when
	the planes have passed, trying to shoot them right up the
	ass.

					danny
			earl!  you said the planes were ready
			but -- but what?

					earl
			of the four left, only one is full of
			fuel.

					rafe
			will the others get into the air?

	earl shoots a look to rafe, then turns to danny.

					earl
			danny, i don't like this fuckin' guy.

					danny
			anthony, red, stay with the guns!  coma,
			you cover the cannons!  joe, theo, come
			with us!  earl, you get on the radio!
			we're gonna fight these fuckers.

	two of the pilots, joe and theo, run to danny.

					joe
			how do we do it?

					danny
			your call, rafe.

					rafe
			get rolling as fast as you can.  stay
			low!  we'll use the topography to
			separate them and then we can take 'em
			one on one.

	they race toward the planes, and the japanese attack again.
	seeing the pilots running for the p-40's, the zeros aim for
	them; rafe and danny race for the most distant of the planes;
	joe and theo run for the closer planes, through the dusty
	bullet hits.

	theo makes his plane and is just strapping himself in when
	bullets stitch his fuselage, wounding him.  he still forces
	the plane forward.  he taxis twenty feet and his cockpit gets
	chopped up and the plane arches into a right turn and putters
	to a stop, theo dead at the controls.

	joe doesn't bother to strap in; he hits the throttle hard and
	heads down the runway...

	the zeros are on him as he gets ten feet of air at 120 m.p.h.
	the zero's bullets eat his canopy and plane skin; the plane
	breaks apart in mid air, spilling in gouts of flame as it
	smashes down on the tarmac.

	rafe and danny have reaches the more distant p-40's and are
	revving their engines as they see joe and theo's fate.  they
	throw on their radio headsets.

	their way seems blocked:  they've got no runway behind them,
	the wreckage of four p-40's scattered ahead of them, and the
	zeros screaming over the low hills to attack them.  now rafe
	and danny talk through the radio.

					danny
			it's tight.

					rafe
			tighter 'n a bulls ass in fly season.
			don't hit the barn.

	they gun their engines and roll through the grass on either
	side of the runway, dodging the burning planes; they lift
	off, clearing the quonset hut by a couple of inches.  they
	blow right through the strafing fire, and into the sky.

	eight zeros are all over them.

	earl is in the hut, on the radio and watching through
	binoculars.

					earl
			i see six...seven...eight of the
			cocksuckers!  don't let 'em hurt my
			planes.

	danny's swiveling in his seat, looking left, right, back.

					danny
			they're all over us!

					rafe
			bet they don't dust crops in japan.

	danny understands immediately, following rafe's tactic as he
	breaks into a sharp turn and uses the hut, palm trees, and
	low hills to shake the japs.  they fly like crop dusters,
	skimming down a foot from the ground, then bobbing up,
	banking left and right.  the zeros have divided into two
	groups to chase them, their wings clipping tree tops as they
	try to follow the americans.

	it feels like a 200 m.p.h. car chase, 20 feet off the ground,
	rafe and danny skimming and bobbing over the terrain, but
	there are too many japanese.

					rafe
			danny!  let's play some chicken!

	danny banks in one direction, rafe in another...

