	ext.  china coast - night

	they break the surface, and struggle to shore with the
	unconscious navigator and gunner.

	rafe's looking everywhere; he sees danny's plane crashed
	against the rock.  he fights his way through the surf to
	danny's plane, red following.

	rafe finds danny face up in the water.

	red finds anthony on the rock.  he's face up, but as red
	lifts him he finds the back of anthony's head is gone.

	the rest of danny's crew are floating in the surf, dead.
	rafe and red pull danny to shore.

					rafe
			danny!  danny!

	danny's eyes flutter open; he sees rafe and mumbles --

					danny
			i've made better landings.

	danny's hand gropes to his throat; rafe finds a v shaped
	shard of the fuselage hooked into his neck.

	rafe grabs it, trying to bend it open; the sharp metal cuts
	his hands, but he keeps straining.  it won't work, he pulls
	his .45 from his jacket and tries to pry the metal.  it works
	a bit; he tosses the pistol aside and grabs the shard again,
	and opens it.

					rafe
			you hang on, danny!  you hang on!  you're
			gonna make it!

	rafe's head snaps forward, crunched with the butt of a rifle;
	a japanese patrol, four men, have arrived.  they're angry,
	scared, hyped.  they knock red down too, yelling and
	brandishing their rifles at the fliers on the beach, living
	and dead.

	the japanese officer is barking orders.  they find the
	captain's insignia on danny's jacket, and begin binding him
	to a yoke, his wrists tied to the wood like a crucifixion, a
	wire around his neck.  they find the navigator unconscious,
	but alive.  the officer snaps a single word and a soldier
	shoots the navigator.

	the others wire rafe's ankles together... rafe is
	emotionless.

	rafe's consciousness fades in and out.  he hears danny
	choking, and his mind sees danny as a boy those long years
	ago, being carried by the neck across the field by his
	father...

	then rafe sees the present:  danny being half-carried, half-
	dragged by the neck by two japanese.  the officer is pulling
	red along, hands bound behind him.  and rafe starts moving,
	being dragged on his back, pulled by his feet along the rocky
	sand.

	his hand slides by the pistol he tossed behind the rock.

	the whole world slows down.

	he clutches it, shoots one of the men towing danny.  and as
	the man dragging rafe turns around, rafe shoots him in the
	face.

	the officer spins, raising his rifle; the soldier pulling
	red, shoves him onto his face in the sand and aims his rifle
	too.  the officer is pulling the trigger to kill rafe when
	danny slams him down from behind.

	the fourth soldier shoots danny in the gut, then takes aim
	for rafe's heart -- and is shot through the chest from
	behind.

	the japanese officers rises in surprise and is cut down by
	scythes carried by the chinese peasant soldiers who are just
	arriving.

	rafe struggles to danny, moving the chinese aside.  danny
	lies on his back, clutching his wound as if to hold onto his
	life.

					rafe
			danny...

					danny
			i can't make it.

					rafe
			yes you can.

	but danny is silent, his eyes drifting shut, and in that
	moment rafe thinks he is gone already.  then danny's eyes
	drift open, finding him.

					danny
			take care of evelyn.

	the words almost kill rafe, filling him with grief.  from
	somewhere he finds the strength to say --

					rafe
			i will.  and your baby.
				(beat)
			you're gonna be a father.

	did danny hear?  his eyes are closed again.  but his head
	comes up; rafe takes it, and danny pulls him closer to
	whisper --

					danny
			no.  you are.

	rafe cradles danny in his arms.  danny's eyes are open, but
	rafe sees no light there.

					rafe
			danny... land of the free... land of the
			free...

	but danny will never answer him again.  rafe hugs danny
	tight, and weeps.

