	int.  oklahoma - rear compartment

	in one compartment there are a dozen trapped men.  they've
	survived the roll-over, and are in a chaotic world where the
	floor is now the ceiling.  the water is up their waists.
	some of the sailors are panicking.

	one sailor has a flashlight and switches it on, flashing the
	light from face to face.

					sailor with the flashlight
			don't panic!  don't panic!

					panicked sailor
			the water's rising!  it's coming up,
			we're all gonna drown!

					sailor with the flashlight
			the air pressure will equalize it!

	but the water keeps rising, along with their fears.  several
	of the sailors are still screaming...

	the water's already to their bellies.  one of them grabs a
	wrench and starts slamming morse code against the bulkhead.

	one sailor in the middle of the room is particularly
	panicked, not just yelling but crying and whimpering --

					terrified sailor
			get me out!  get me out!

					sailor with the flashlight
			stop it!  come on!  save your air!

					terrified sailor
			my foot's caught!

	he's at the lower end of the compartment, where the water is
	deeper -- the ship's nose is lower than her stern.  the
	water's up to the guy's neck.

	the man with the flashlight dives down, and finds the guys
	foot wedged together in the pipes of the ships ceiling -- now
	their floor.

	he pops up again.  the water's up to the trapped guy's mouth;
	he's already gagging.

					sailor with the flashlight
			is there a hacksaw in that locker?!

	they open it; tools spill out -- among them is a hacksaw.
	they hand it to him; the sailor dives down and cuts off the
	guy's foot.

	the trapped man is underwater, muffling his scream.  he comes
	free, and surfaces gasping.  his severed foot floats to the
	surface and then the horror really hits them.  the sailor
	with the flashlight pops up, in the blossoming of blood.  he
	and another sailor tie a tourniquet around the stump, to stop
	the bleeding.

	the drama of this has caused the other trapped men to stop
	their signaling.  now they start banging, twice as loudly as
	before.

