	ext.  military base hospital - night

	we see the full figure of the man watching her.  and now we
	see his face.  it is rafe.

	his left hand is bandaged, but he is very much alive --
	though seeing evelyn has taken his breath, and even seems to
	have robbed him of the power to move.  his eyes pick up every
	detail of her -- her face...her hands.

	and as rafe watches evelyn, he has the sudden jolts of
	subliminal flashbacks...punctuated by fragments of the letter
	she wrote to him, and intercut with rafe in the present,
	watching evelyn.

					evelyn's voice
			dearest rafe --

	in subliminal flashback, rafe's spitfire, crippled and
	trailing smoke, passing through a patch of cloud as rafe
	hurls himself from the cockpit and jerks the ripcord of his
	chute.

	in the present...rafe's face winces with the memory, and he
	rivets his eyes on evelyn, as if to force himself to know
	that this moment is real.

	subliminal flashback...rafe lands in the water, and the shock
	of its coldness travels up his body faster than his body
	sinks into the water.  he's cloaked in the fog; his
	parachute, pushed by the wind, is pulling him along face
	down.  he fights with the straps, flips himself over, and
	pulls the release...

	but he's still in desperate trouble; in his flying clothes,
	his heavy leather jacket soaking with sea-water, he's going
	down; his body sinks beneath the surface...

					evelyn's voice
			...every sunset...

	in the present, rafe's chest trembles... is it from the
	memory of the frozen water, from the emotion of seeing evelyn
	again -- or both?

	subliminal flashbacks -- below the surface of the north sea,
	rafe's body drifts, but he fights his way back up...he kicks
	off his shoes, sheds the jacket, strips off his pants and
	starts tying the cuffs into knots.

	then, in a cut, he is floating in the water, his pants turned
	into a makeshift life preserver, his body shaking
	convulsively from the cold.

	then in another cut we see him after he's been in the water
	for so long that his body no longer trembles; he's lost
	consciousness.  he has no strength, no will to live... his
	face settles into the water...his body slips from his
	preserver, and drifts beneath the surface...

					evelyn's voice
			...gather it's heat into my heart, and
			send it to you...

	in flashback, rafe beneath the surface... his eyes come open.
	from his pov beneath the water, he sees something above the
	surface.  it's only in his mind, but that makes it no less
	real...an orange glow, the warmth of the sunset, and her face
	above the surface... his limbs come to life, and he fights
	his way up, breaking the surface.  the whole sea around him
	is dark and empty, but he grabs his makeshift preserver and
	holds on for dear life...and for evelyn.

	in the present rafe stares through the window, at evelyn, but
	he can't go in.  he backs away from the window.

