	ext.  a bench - overlooking pearl harbor - sunset

	evelyn and danny sit on the bench, with a sweeping view of
	the harbor and the lights winking on all around it as the sun
	settles beyond the horizon.  evelyn is stoic, numb; danny is
	the one who is struggling.

					danny
			before rafe left, he asked me to be the
			one to tell you, if it happened.

					evelyn
			he told me about you.  that he had no
			other friend like you.

					danny
			rafe's folks had a crop dusting business,
			owned their own planes.  real straight,
			frugal.  my father was the town drunk.
			went to sleep one night on the railroad
			tracks and was still there when the dawn
			express came along.  rafe and i were the
			only ones at the funeral.  he took me
			back to his house, and i never left.

					evelyn
			you were more like brothers.

					danny
			i taught him to drink beer.  he taught me
			how to fly.

					evelyn
			he said you're the only one he ever saw
			who was better in the air than him.

					danny
			...he said that?

	evelyn nods, still staring away from danny.  this pierces
	danny; he looks away, struggling not to let the emotions pull
	him completely under.

					danny
			look, uh...rafe's dad...he wrote me with
			the news, and it took me a couple of days
			to work up the guts to come here and tell
			you.  i'm not as brave as rafe, or as
			noble.  but if there's anything i can
			ever do to help -- you let me know, okay?

	she stares into the distance.  he stands and puts his hand on
	top of hers, as much for his comfort as for hers.

					danny
			i understand why rafe loved you.  you're
			as strong as he was.

	since she's still not looking at him, he starts to move away.
	when he reaches the turn in the path, he looks back, and sees
	her figure in the gathering darkness.  she's begun to break
	down; and as he watches, her whole body starts convulsing,
	and she doubles up in shattering grief.

	danny can't just stand there; he moves back to her, and puts
	a hand on her shoulder.  he sits beside her again, and
	suddenly she turns to him and sobs upon him.  danny wraps her
	gently in his arms, and then he breaks down, having found the
	first place he can truly grieve.

