	ext.  air base - day

	danny blasts through the main gate; the guards are too busy
	taking cover and haven't even closed the barrier.

	he races to the tarmac, where some of the planes are still
	undamaged.  rafe is out the door before the car stops
	rolling, and danny's right behind him.

	they're running toward a cluster of fighters, when it goes up
	with a bomb blast.  rafe and danny dive at each other; their
	first instinct is to cover their best friend with their own
	bodies.

	they look at each other on the ground.  they see machine gun
	bullets thudding into the planes on the flight line, and
	ripping along the walls of the buildings.  it's as if the
	whole japanese airforce is attacking this one base, and not
	leaving a single plane airworthy.

					rafe
			get me into a plane!

					danny
			come on!

	danny sprints; rafe follows.  danny reaches a phone booth,
	and digs a dime from his pants.

					rafe
			you're making a phone call?!

	danny dials, as waves of bullets sweep the area, and more
	planes blow up on the flight line.  rafe thinks he's lost his
	mind.

					danny
				(into phone)
			this is walker!  we're under attack!  get
			those planes fueled and armed right now!

	he runs back toward the car; rafe, in the nonsense of battle,
	reaches in to hang up the receiver, before danny grabs him
	and leads him on a sprint to the car, as the phone booth
	shatters behind them from the strafing.

	on the way to the car they dive back to the ground to avoid
	strafing -- and see their friends lying nearby, in shock.

					anthony
			they got billy.

					danny
			come with us!

	he and rafe jump up and run again.  anthony, red, and several
	other pilots reach the buick and dive in.  danny drives away,
	through the strafing.

					rafe
			where are we going?

					danny
			auxiliary field at haleiwa, ten miles
			north of here.

					rafe
			what's there?

					danny
			six p-40's.

	as the zero pilots see the buick moving, they go after it.
	danny drives like a madman through the strafing, zigzagging
	and gunning the buick's v-8.

