	int.  rafe, in his spitfire - night

	as he streaks past, rafe sees the bomber wobble in the air.

					rafe
			we've got him hurt, stay on him!

	rafe throws his plane into an ultra-tight, high speed turn,
	right between the tails of the leader german group and the
	noses of the second.  his turn is so tight that the plane
	flexes with the g-force.

	rafe comes out of his turn ahead of the squad leader, and
	races back up through the formation of german bombers, moving
	above them where their weapons and armaments are the weakest.
	he stitches a trail of bullets from tail to nose of the
	wounded lead bomber; it begins to smoke.

	the second spitfire, the squad leader's, takes fire from the
	other german bombers, and shears off, heading through the
	smoke of the plane rafe has on the ropes.

					rafe
			we've got him going!

	rafe does a half-loop and half-spin, to bring him around to
	face the bombers again.  this time the g-force of the turn
	pops an oil line inside rafe's cockpit; hot, pressurized oil
	begins to spray everywhere -- all over rafe, his controls,
	and worst of all, over the inside of his cockpit glass.

	he wipes at the oil with his hands and that just smears it
	and makes it worse.

	his wingman sees him veering away from the bombers...and sees
	the german fighters moving up to meet him.

					squad leader
			mccawley!  get to the clouds!  get into
			the clouds!

	rafe, in his plane, is flying blind.

					rafe
			i can't see the clouds!

	his problems are just beginning; the fluid is dripping down
	onto his cockpit's corroded electrical wiring; the fluid
	causes an arc...a spark...and suddenly a fire is spreading
	through rafe's plane.

	he grabs his fire extinguisher and triggers a cloud that
	snuffs the fire but fills the entire cockpit with choking
	smoke; between that and the smeared fluid on his glass, he
	can't see a thing.

	and the messerschmidts are swarming over him.

	rafe's wingman dives in, raking the german planes as he
	passes.

	rafe tries to open his cockpit cover to clear the smoke, but
	it's jammed; he pulls out his .45 pistol and blam!  blam!
	blam!  he blows out the glass; the smoke clears enough for
	him to take a breath and try to see.  he fights the stick,
	but the plane won't respond.

	the messerschmidts rake him again, bullets riddling his
	engine.

					squad leader
			get out of there, mccawley!  get out of
			there!

	rafe's plane descends, ever faster, passing through clouds,
	then clear air again.  the squad leader tries to chase and
	cover him, but rafe's dropping fast, and still isn't out of
	the plane as the germans dive on him again, firing.

	rafe's spitfire hits the broken fog over the water -- the
	squad leader loses sight of it for a moment -- and then the
	plane hits, splashing and exploding all at once.

	the squad leader winces, and ducks into the clouds as he
	reports on his radio...

					squad leader
			mccawley down.  no 'chute.

