	ext.  the dark skies over the english channel - day

	rafe, in the middle of an aerial dogfight, throws his
	spitfire into a tight turn, swinging around to fire again
	into a squadron of messerschmidts; they outnumber the british
	planes, and they're tougher and faster.  rafe darts through
	their line, machine guns blazing.

	one of the spitfires in rafe's squadron has taken hits in the
	engine compartment and is sputtering, losing power, its
	pilot, nigel, frantic as the german planes swarm into finish
	him.

					british pilot (nigel)
			i need help!  someone get them off me!

	rafe slams his control stick hard right and goes into a power
	dive at one of the messerschmidts.  rafe's bullets chew up
	its cockpit and the plane goes into a fast corkscrew spiral,
	down into the water.

	rafe instantly climbs again.  nigel, in the moment of safety
	rafe has bought him, bails out, his chute blossoming and
	carrying him toward the water.  the other british pilots are
	impressed.

					other british pilot
				(into radio)
			nigel's out!  i'll call in the position!
				(to himself)
			that yank is bloody good.

	rafe swings his plane right back at the germans; he attacks
	them head on, just like he went at danny, only this time he's
	firing his machine guns.

	and over this ferocious dogfight, we hear his letter to
	evelyn...

					rafe's voice (letter)
			dear evelyn... it is cold here.  so cold,
			in a way that goes deep into your bones.

	the messerschmidt in rafe's sights breaks apart with the
	stream of precise fire he pours into it, its prop flying into
	pieces, its disintegration accelerated by its airspeed.
	before it completely comes apart, it explodes.

	rafe goes into another tight turn, to get at them again.

					rafe's voice (letter)
			it's not easy making friends.  two nights
			ago i drank a beer with a couple of the
			r.a.f. pilots -- beer's the only thing
			here that isn't cold -- and yesterday both
			of them got killed...

	as rafe starts another attack we see him in the cockpit, in
	the trance of battle, as other spitfires around him are
	getting shot out of the sky...as we --

							dissolve to:

