	int.  japanese high command - night

	the conference room is similar to that of the white house.
	but this table is low and all the men sit on the floor.  and
	there are no civilians here; japan is now a nation ruled by
	its warriors.

	the last man to enter the room and take his place is admiral
	yamamoto.  harvard educated, yamamoto is an object of
	veneration and suspicion among the men of the war council.
	yamamoto bows, sits, and looks across the table at his friend
	genda, who can't hide his fear.  yamamoto glances to the far
	end of the table where nishikura, chief of the war council,
	sits glowering.  (their discussion is in japanese, with
	subtitles.)

					nishikura
			so you join us, admiral.  some of us
			thought your education at an american
			university would make you too weak to
			fight the americans.

					yamamoto
			if knowledge of opponents and careful
			calculation of danger is taken as
			weakness then i have misunderstood what
			it means to be japanese.

					nishikura
			the time has come to strike!  or to sit
			and let the americans cut off our oil and
			our future.  i know what you whisper to
			the others, yamamoto -- that the americans
			are strong.  yet look at their leader.

	he motions to oyama, an intelligence analyst, who opens a
	file and lays out pictures of roosevelt.

					oyama
			franklin roosevelt.  born into great
			wealth.  fifteen years ago, he was
			stricken with polio.  now he cannot walk,
			or even stand without help.
			photographers will not take pictures of
			him in his chair; americans do not wish
			to know how weak their president is.

	yamamoto makes a low grunt.

					nishikura
			you have something to say, yamamoto?

					yamamoto
			the council knows i have opposed fighting
			the americans.  no matter how great our
			resolve, they have resources beyond ours.
			if we must go to war, there is only one
			way -- deal them a blow from which it will
			take them years to recover.  in that time
			we can conquer all of the pacific, and
			they will have no choice but to ask for
			peace.

					nishikura
			you see us as capable of such a blow?

					yamamoto
			the americans themselves have made it
			possible.  we will annihilate them in a
			single attack -- at pearl harbor.

	the members of the war council are so pleased with yamamoto
	that they bow to him.  only genda keeps his eyes raised long
	enough to see the sadness in yamamoto's face.

