	ext.  pov of an airplane

	flying over american heartland.  we see the earth through the
	pilot's perspective as sky and ground swap positions, the
	plane swooping down and storming over the ground.

	the plane

	is a biplane, racing over a field lush with young plants.  it
	releases a trail of crop spray, and climbs again...

	up into a crystalline blue sky where sunshine pours like
	honey over family farms stretching to the horizon.  maybe
	it's not heaven, maybe it's just tennessee.  but as long as
	there's been an america, men have fought and died for this
	place -- as volunteers.

	far off, but visible from the plane is

	a barn - day

	the barn is unpainted except for hand lettering that says
	"mccawley crop dusting." another plane noise, this one made
	by kids, brings us to two boys, sitting in the shell of an
	old plane propped on crates, scavenged of it's engine, seats,
	and wheels.

	the boys sit in it's cockpit, butts crowded onto the nail keg
	they've replaced the seat with.  they've even attached a 2x4
	as propeller, as if their imaginations needed any help.  they
	wear overalls and have bowl haircuts:  rafe and danny, 10
	years old.

					rafe
			bandits at 2 o'clock.

					danny
			power dive!

	they buzz their lips in a flying noise and work the controls,
	rafe's bare feet on one pedal, danny's on the other.

					rafe
			it's germans!

					danny
			kill the bastards!

	rafe looks at danny in shock -- then they both laugh and go
	right back into their game, manufacturing their own machine
	gun and engine sounds.

					rafe
			good shooting, danny!

					danny
			good shooting, rafe!

					rafe
			land of the free...

					danny
			home of the brave!

					rafe
			there's another one!

	their vocal motors roar again... but a man's hand grabs danny
	by the straps of his overalls and jerks him from the cockpit.

	it's danny's father and he's a fearsome sight; drunk, his
	hair uncombed, his face unshaven, his teeth -- those still
	left -- are rotting.  he's also missing an arm; but the one
	that's left is potent, and he's shaking danny with it.

					danny's father
			you no count boy!  johnson come lookin',
			said he'd pay a dime for you to shovel
			his pig shed, and i can't find you no
			place.

					danny
			daddy, i told you i was comin' here.

	his father slaps him off his feet.  rafe is so horrified he
	can't get a sound out.  danny isn't even surprised.  but when
	his father snatches him up again, twisting the overall straps
	so tight they choke him, he struggles.  it does no good; his
	father starts marching across the field, dragging and
	strangling danny.

					danny
			da!... dad...

	the father's drunken anger makes him oblivious -- until
	crack!  the 2x4 propeller slams him across the back, knocking
	him to the ground and making him drop danny.

	the father rolls over to see 10-year-old rafe, holding the
	2x4 like a bat.

					rafe
			let him alone!

	the father's eyes bulge in rage; he struggles to his feet.

					danny
			rafe... daddy... no!

	the man looks murderous, but rafe draws back the board.

					rafe
			i'll bust you open, you...german!

	the words ring something deep in the man's booze-broken
	brain.  he begins to cough, convulsively; it brings a blossom
	of blood to his mouth.  he wipes it with his hand, but blood
	clings to his teeth.  he chokes out --

					danny's father
			i fought the germans.

	he looks at danny in shame, with the realization of what he's
	just done.  he turns and staggers away.

	danny looks at rafe -- a communication between boys joined by
	something deeper than blood.  then danny runs off after his
	father.

					danny
			daddy!  daddy!  wait.

	danny catches him, takes his father's hand, and walks away
	with him.

	the crop duster we saw in the air has just landed, behind
	rafe.  the pilot, rafe's father, shuts off the engine.

					rafe's father
			what's goin' on, son?

					rafe
			nothing.  danny's dad just come to get
			him.

	rafe turns back to the ramshackle plane and replaces the 2x4
	propeller.  his father looks toward danny and his father,
	walking away, then looks at his own son.

					rafe's father
			hey, boy -- you wanna go up?

	rafe can't believe it; he runs to the plane and hops into his
	father's lap.  as his father cranks the engine and tucks him
	into the harness, rafe says --

					rafe
			daddy, sometime will you take danny up
			too?

					rafe's father
			sure will, son.

	the engine races to life...and we --

							dissolve to:

