85   int. melvin's apartment - night                                   85

     the light switch doesn't work. click, click. eerie shudder
     of neon from the sign on the building, shapes crowd the
     room, claustrophobic ...
     ... marco has a penlight -- he turns it on, sweeps in front
     of him with its weak beam:
     the room -- stacked floor to ceiling with old newspapers,
     magazines, and hundreds and hundreds of notebooks, covering
     nearly every available surface.
     marco picks up a notebook.    moves to a desk and sits.   opens
     the book --

86   omitted                                                           86


87   omitted                                                           87

88   beam of the penlight aimed down at pages filled with crude        88
     drawings of brains/tomatoes -- number-gibberish (cross-
     sections, size and weight parameters, and growth sequences)

     -- american flags --

     -- in the margins, many attempts to capture likenesses of
     dr. noyle and the mysterious arabic woman, repeatedly
     crossed out, never right.




                                                        8/18/03    47.








fb88   flash: dreamscape                                                 fb88

       noyle turning toward us, eyes bright --

       resume - marco

       -- under the headline what happened, extremely small,
       cramped handwriting that goes on for pages --
                    "the recon ends without incident, and we are
                    heading back to forward command..."




                           raymond (v.o.)

                     (fades up:)
                 ... we're heading back to forward
                 command. the night is clear. stars but
                 no moon --
       marco closes the book, opens another journal. same
       drawings. same title page. same cramped writing, that
       begins exactly the same way --

89     tight - raymond (streaming video)                                  89

       the video feed from noyle's hidden hotel room cameras,
       digital, herky-jerky:

tv89                       raymond (video)                               tv89

                 -- we're engaged unexpectedly by ground
                 forces with helicopter support. in the
                 ensuing firefight, bobby baker gets
                 himself separated to the left. mavole
                 goes after him ...

