249   int. video cgi booth                                          249

      where an engineer works keyboard and mouse, digitally
      altering the footage of marco is rosie watches, intently,
      from just behind him.
      further back in the same room ... another senior federal
      agent, special agent volk, from marco's interrogation ...
      and colonel garret leans against the far wall, arms folded,
      expressionless.

                          media icon (v.o.)

                    (fading up)
                ... the fbi today released security
                footage of the assassin of raymond and
                eleanor prentiss shaw entering the hotel
                two hours before the fatal shooting ...




                                                  8/18/03     119.







        the engineer finishes what he's doing, resets the tape and
        now it begins to play again, in real time -- and we watch a
        white man in uniform go through security, as:

250     network newscast (video)                                       250

        the footage we've just seen playing behind:

tv250                       media icon                               tv250

                  ... authorities say that they have no
                  further information about the identity of
                  the gunman, except that he was a white
                  male, perhaps 30 years of age, and not a
                  member of the armed forces.
                      (then)
                  the tragic deaths of the incumbent vice
                  president and his senator mother mark the
                  end of a family dynasty that has
                  dominated american politics for more than
                  fifty years. the mother and the son,
                  polar opposites on myriad issues,
                  nevertheless managed to promise a "one
                  plus one equals ten" kind of equation to
                  many americans; the hopeful, heady notion
                  that these two somehow comprised a united
                  vision of stunning, almost revolutionary
                  breadth and depth ... a combined
                  potential far greater than its parts ...
        push past her, tighten in on the image of the lone gunman
        and the image explodes into pixels accompanied by --
        -- the rising sound of the blades of a helicopter, under:

                            media icon

                  ... president-elect arthur has vowed to
                  bring to justice whatever nation -- or
                  nations -- are responsible. still
                  reeling from the recent tragic loss of
                  senator thomas jordan, congress has
                  already announced a fresh investigation
                  into jordan's death, in an effort to
                  learn if it is in any way related to ...

