162   ext. jordan's house - dawn                                     162

      jocie sprints down toward the water, screaming --

                          jocelyn


                daddy!

      -- raymond turns and sees her running toward him. for a
      moment time stands still -- jocie trying to process raymond
      shaw in the water with her father, and raymond trying to
      process, through the curtain of his fractured consciousness,
      jocelyn jordan.

      jocelyn

      leaps into the water, thinking she'll help with a rescue.
      the cold hits her like a sledgehammer -- followed by the
      realization raymond's trying to drown her father --

                          jocelyn

                raymond, what are you doing?!   no!   stop
                it! stop --!
      she tries to shove raymond away from the boat, but

      raymond

      turns, grabs her by the hood of her sweatshirt --
      -- and whipsaws her out into the deeper water, shoving her
      under it.
      jocelyn's hands claw at him, but he's stronger, and the
      water has no effect on him.
      she thrashes wildly ... and he looks down at her through the
      water, hair flowing, utterly beautiful ... as if in a dream.

                          raymond

                    (far away)
                shhhhhhhh.




                                                   8/18/03    97.







        jocelyn weakens ... succumbs ... her body floats away.

163     news coverage - later - same day (video)                      163

tva163cold tapestry of images behind the major media icon:      tva163
      police, paramedics, bodies pulled from the water, jordan's
      empty house.

tv163                       media icon                              tv163

                  ... the five-term senator -- and recent
                  front-runner for his party's vice
                  presidential nomination -- appears to
                  have accidentally drowned when his kayak
                  overturned near his chesapeake bay home.
                  police say his daughter, jocelyn, 35, may
                  have been trying to rescue jordan when
                  she was, herself, overcome by the icy
                  water ...

164     campaign coverage                                             164

        an impromptu stand-up with visibly-shaken presidential
        candidate arthur outside arthur-shaw campaign headquarters:

tv164                       arthur                                  tv164

                  horrible, horrible thing. senator jordan
                  was a statesman of the highest integrity.
                      (fighting emotions)
                  tom jordan was a friend. a damn fine
                  man. a great american.

