     int. trattoria roma

     it is a large establishment with many tables and booths.
     the dinner crowd is a mix of yuppies and older italian
     families who have been eating here for years.

     rath is sitting alone at a booth.  with very subtle
     changes to his appearance, he looks like an older italian.

     in front of him is a glass and a carafe of dark red wine.
     he touches neither of them.  his eyes shift as he studies
     the room.

     leevio valli pushes into the restaurant surrounded by five
     gorillas in italian suits.  the owner hurries to greet
     them, hugging, kissing, speaking only italian.

     the entourage moves through the restaurant to the over-
     sized booth in the back.

     rath does not look twice at them.  immediately he is
     watching everyone else, looking for the other assassin.

     leevio slides into the booth as his goons stand and sit
     around the table, obscuring him from all parts of the
     room.

     a wine steward immediately brings a bottle of red wine and
     fills their glasses.  a pretty waitress sets a steaming
     loaf of garlic bread out and a giant bowl of minestrone in
     front of leevio.  he tells her something and she giggles.
     they joke in italian, watching her ass as she wiggles back
     to the kitchen.

     at leevio's table the wine steward returns to fill their
     glasses.

     it is the goon standing against the wall that is the first
     to realize that it is not the same wine steward.  he is
     the second assassin, much younger than rath.  his name is
     bain.  he smiles.

     the goon reaches for his gun as --

     bain shatters the bottle of wine into his face.  he
     screams.

     leevio coughs a spray of minestrone, as a gun flashes free
     from the white linen towel hung over the steward's arm.

     it happens instantly.  four shots and the goons are dead.

     leevio screams.

                             leevio
               don't!

     a fifth, sixth and seventh shot.

     leevio's body falls forward and softly thuds on the table.

     bain whips around drawing a small semi-automatic weapon
     from his belt expecting an attack.

     facing the screaming crowd, he begins to shoot anyone who
     moves or stands, men or women.

     there is chaos in the restaurant.  people scream, falling
     to the ground, scrambling under tables.

     bain is sweating, his eyes shifting wildly from one end of
     the room to the other.

     the restaurant falls quiet except for several people who
     are sobbing.

     he moves through the room, watching, searching.

                             bain
               don't anybody move.  you move,
               you're dead.

     he passes the table rath was sitting at, but it is empty.

                             bain
               come on, you chicken shit
               motherfucker.  i know you're here.
               let's go.


