     int. electra's apartment - day

     the apartment is always dark; heavy drapes cover the
     windows.

     the dining and living rooms look like the control booth of
     a network television show, stacks of video monitors and
     consoles, cables, electric wiring, coils of fiber optic
     cord duct-taped to the floors, walls and ceilings.  they
     snake through holes punched in the plaster walls and hang
     everywhere like some technological jungle.

     at the center of this tangled web is electra, a beautiful
     athletic looking woman wearing only her underwear and a
     worn robe.  she is curled up in an overstuffed chair, a
     bowl of popcorn in her lap.

     on the monitors, she is watching what at first might be
     mistaken for a soap opera; a young couple are having an
     argument.

     what is strange is that the angle never changes; a fish-
     eye lens staring down into the room.

                             man (v.o.)
               i don't give a shit what your mother
               thinks.  i'm not sleeping with your
               mother, i'm sleeping with you.

                             woman (v.o.)
               you won't be for long, with that
               attitude.

                             man (v.o.)
               jesus, jennifer, if you're so god
               damned worried about your mother's
               approval, why don't you move back
               home so she can pat you on the head
               when you do something right.

                             electra
               jerk.

     jennifer is too stunned to say anything.  there is a long
     pause that is not at all like television.  it seems very
     real.

     she starts to say something, but stops, trying to keep
     herself from crying.

                             man (v.o.)
               oh good.  go ahead and cry.

                             jennifer (woman) (v.o.)
               would you please leave?

     electra lifts her head, smelling the air.

                             electra
               mmm, smell that, nikita?

     nikita, electra's black cat, is stretched lazily across
     the top of a chair, her tail twitching absently.  every
     corner of the chair has been clawed open.

     electra reaches for the control board and throws a series
     of switches.

     the monitors flicker as the image changes.  we are now
     looking down into a kitchen.  a stove is beneath us,
     almost like a cooking show, where a round woman is taking
     out a tray of chocolate chip cookies.

     electra smells them again, smiling as she inhales.

                             electra
               i hope she saves some for us.

     there is a bang, a door slamming in another apartment, and
     a man yelling.

     electra switches back to jennifer's apartment.

     the man is still in the living room, but jennifer is gone.

                             man (v.o.)
               do you think slamming doors is going
               to help work this out?

     electra punches a command into a keyboard.  several of the
     screens change, showing different rooms of the same
     apartment.  jennifer is in the bedroom, lying on the bed
     sobbing, her face buried in a pillow.

                             man (v.o.)
               i can slam doors too!

     we hear the front door slam in the hall outside of
     electra's apartment and through the monitor speakers.  his
     stomping footsteps fade as he storms down the hall and
     staircase out of the building.

     electra switches all of the screens to jennifer.

     she watches and listens to her cry alone in her bedroom.

     electra reaches out; her fingers lightly touch the monitor
     screen.


