     int. electra's apartment - night

     electra flies across the living room to the monitors.

     she clicks them on, putting on jennifer's channel.

     on the screen we see jennifer in her living room checking
     her phone messages.  one from her mother.

     electra throws a few switches so that jennifer's entire
     apartment is in front of her.

     on one of the monitors we see a shadow slide across the
     oak floor as something moves along the edge of the room.

     jennifer has moved to the bathroom and is drawing a bath.

     electra clamps her hand over her mouth when he steps out.
     bain moves into the dining room where jennifer had just
     been.

     wearing rubber surgeon's gloves, he picks up the mail that
     she had dropped on the table and sorts through it.

     bain moves about the apartment with complete indifference
     to jennifer's presence; as if he were invisible, as though
     he knew she couldn't see him.

     he moves into a room, just as she moves out.

     electra watches, dizzy, sick with terror, but she is
     unable to turn away.

     bain searches through a desk drawer, while jennifer starts
     undressing for her bath.

     he walks down the hall and stands outside of the bathroom.
     if jennifer would turn around she would see him.

     electra is about to run, to call out when --

     something catches bain's eye.

     he moves into the bedroom, and is turned so that he is
     looking straight up into the camera.

     he inches towards it, not sure what it is.  the fiber
     optic cable is hidden in the light fixture hanging over
     the bed.

     staring at it, he is looking right at electra.

     bain steps up onto the bed, his face distorting as he
     moves close to the fish-eye lens.  poking it with his
     finger, he realizes what it is.  a warped smile stretches
     across his face as he whispers --

                             bain (v.o.)
               oh, you sick little bitch --

     electra tears away from the screen, panic seizing hold of
     her.

     she rips entire drawers out of her dresser, dumping them
     into a suitcase, stuffing in anything that looks
     important.  she grabs nikita in the "travel kitty."


