59   int. daitz' office - later night                                  59

     a tiny, cramped hovel. books, papers, and all of it jammed to
     overflowing. mackelway sits across from o'ryan...

                          o'ryan
                    (as "daitz:")
                ...the name of this theory was "suspect
                zero."
                    (mackelway nods)
                the idea of suspect zero posits that if a
                serial killer were diabolical enough, he
                could traverse the country without ever
                being caught, killing randomly.

                                                         42.


there's a collection here in a glass case: ancient weapons -
crude knives, swords, blow-darts. mackelway notes them.

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           tell me, what makes a killer catchable?

                     mackelway
           patterns, repetition of behavior.

                     o'ryan
           now imagine a killer with no patterns, no
           tell-tale fetishes, no rituals, no hidden
           desire to be caught. a perfect vessel of
           evil, killing without ever leaving a
           single meaningful clue in his wake...
           he'd be immune to capture, wouldn't he?
           your task forces, your forensics teams -
           they'd be helpless.

mackelway looks over daitz' bookshelf: volume after volume
about evil, the devil, the minds of sociopaths, the history of
serial-killers, ritual killers, tribal rites...

                     mackelway
           is that something you believe in,
           professor? evil?

                    o'ryan
          as a citizen of the world, it's hard not
          to. wouldn't you say?
              (mackelway can't argue)
          evil is all around us, i think - a part
          of the natural order of things. like
          gravity. like wind. a vast black wave,
          corrupting everything it touches. a virus
          invades a cell, causing it to
          dysfunction. perfectly logical. but did
          it ever occur to you that something may
          have invaded that virus, something
          capable of using it to mutate so
          powerfully?

mackelway pauses, considering that.

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           just because something's invisible to us
           doesn't mean it doesn't exist.

mackelway is silent: something's off here. but he can't say
for sure just yet what it is...

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           have you ever seen a fifty-foot shark?

                                                         43.


that wasn't just the echo of a question he's heard before; it
was a red flag. a big one. mackelway tightens.

                        mackelway
           i'm sorry?

                     o'ryan
           a shark, as we know, will only attack
           humans if he runs out of food. but
           biologists have theorized that for a
           shark of fifty feet the ocean would be an
           endless buffet. he'd never run out of
           food, so he'd have no need to come to the
           surface. consequently, we would never see
           him. do you follow?
               (mackelway doesn't)
           we'll never see one. but that doesn't
           mean they don't exist. hence suspect
           zero.

mackelway eyes those books on evil, then those ancient
weapons... casually, almost imperceptibly, he reaches for his
sidearm, as o'ryan continues:

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           some of my colleagues think i'm
           fascinated with evil. i think the truth
           is just the opposite: evil is fascinated
           with us. what better vehicle could there
           be for creating havoc in the world - what
           better instrument - than man? we're vain,
           we're stubborn, we're deceitful, we have
           an imagination that is limitless in its
           perversions. of course evil keeps trying
           to harness us. wouldn't you?

the more he talks, the closer mackelway comes to extracting
that gun...

then, disturbing the silence, a knock at the door.

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           excuse me.

o'ryan rises, goes to the door... as mackelway unholsters his
gun. o'ryan opens the door. standing here is a coed, with a
backpack. she looks confused.

                     coed
           oh. i'm sorry. i was looking for
           professor--

                                                                44.


     just like that, o'ryan has bolted past the coed, literally
     tossing her onto mackelway, exploding into the hall.

     she screams. mackelway grabs her, moves her aside as gently as
     time allows, then blows out of the room...

