5   int. f.b.i. resident agency - wichita falls - morning (same       5
    day)

    we're looking at the f.b.i.'s "ten most-wanted list." starkey
    is #7 on it. he's 40, white. his crime are listed as rape,
    murder, kidnapping.

    thomas mackelway stares at starkey's image. at the eyes...

    mackelway is 34, bred for success - bred for stardom in fact,
    a whiz at everything he's ever attempted.

    so what the hell is he doing in wichita falls, texas...?

    eight agents, in cubicles, with a ring of outer offices. quiet
    phones, lousy take-out options, hardly a dream gig.

                         charlton (o.s.)
               got a spot set up for you, tom.

    that's rick charlton: late 40's, thinning hair, friendly.
    charlton heads around a corner. mackelway follows.

                         charlton (cont'd)
               ms. potter's the nice girl you met at the
               desk. she puts a package together for all
               the new agents, things to know about the
               area, help with finding apartments and
               such. this one's yours:

    charlton stops at a cubicle: carpeted walls, formica desk. a
    corner of dull hell. mackelway eyes it, fighting dread.

                                                                 7.



                         charlton (cont'd)
               not so different from dallas, is it?

                         mackelway
                   (fuck yes)
               no, sir.

                         charlton
               good.

    an abandoned sports page tells us about that world series, so
    we must be mid-october. charlton heads out. mackelway throws a
    briefcase on to the desk, setting up his world:

    a framed picture of himself and his brother, ages 10 and 15,
    on a childhood camping trip. address book, coffee-warmer,
    calendar, a baseball covered with autographs.

    he opens up a drawer, and casually tosses two bottles of
    bufferin into the back of it.

    ...but first grabs four tablets from one of the bottles,
    and throws them down his throat, as:

                         grieves (o.s.)
               ya like frito pies?

    mackelway turns. bill grieves stands here, holding a white
    grease-stained paper-bag. grieves is mackelway's age, not
    quite as ambitious. but solid, decent.

                         mackelway
               i dunno. what are they?

    grieves pulls out a greasy concoction that's wrapped up like a
    semi-burrito. pure texas. tosses it to mackelway:

                         grieves
               welcome to the minors.

    grieves passes by with a faint smile, handing out lunch to a
    few other agents. mackelway eyes the still-wrapped frito pie.
    god, get me outta here...

                                                      cut to:

