22   int. archer county morgue - day                                   22

     harold speck lies on a table. a bespectacled coroner examines
     him. victim #2, barney fulcher, lies on another, his ample
     frame yet to be examined.

     the lights are out, but that coroner wears a fluorescent halo,
     with a microphone pinned to his gown. he speaks into it with a
     quiet monotone: anatomical terms, etc.

     mackelway and fran are here... watching. mackelway is
     particularly focused on fulcher's face. his eyelids, we now
     see, have also been torn off. hmmmm...

                          fran
                why eyelids?

                          mackelway
                huh?

                          fran
                no other signs of torture here. why take
                somebody's eyelids off?

                          mackelway
                so they can't blink.

     she sighs, aloud: "i know that already, asshole." coroner
     keeps his head down, speaking into that microphone.

                          mackelway (cont'd)
                it's a metaphor - to make certain the
                victim sees... or to make certain that we
                see something.
                    (she's silent)
                or maybe it's just a fuck-you.

     coroner continues his monotone narration... then crosses to
     the sink.

     that puts him out of earshot. so:

                                                                  22.


                          mackelway (cont'd)
                    (to fran, quietly)
                i'm sorry about don.

                          fran
                    (thrown)
                huh?

                          mackelway
                you're not wearing your ring anymore.

     that was an attempt at kindness. she knows that. still, she
     eyes her left hand, self-consciously, while mackelway loses
     himself in those lidless eyes of fulcher's...

     then there's a knock at the glass window behind them.

     they turn. charlton stands on the other side of a glass
     window, in a viewing room adjacent to this morgue. he presses
     a piece of paper up against the glass.

     on it, in typed bold letters at the top, we read: "matches
     one of one." below that we see that circle-with-the-slash-
     through-it.

     this is a fax, which charlton's just received. he points
     further down on the fax at what look like little squiggles at
     first, until we move in to discover it is a hand drawn street
     map.

     the ink bleeds a bit due to a poor fax transmission. those
     scrawled lines take us to "the hope house," in oklahoma city.
     at the bottom a scribbled name, "david dyson," and a contact
     number.

     moving closer to the glass, mackelway nods. he just got a
     break...

                                                        cut to:

