11   ext. ravine - continuing                                          11

     it's an ugly sight. speck is inches from us, but his head is
     facing in the other direction, twisted unnaturally.

     mackelway kneels beside the open window, pulls out some
     gloves, puts them on. he will not lean on the car, or even
     breathe on it, his caution around evidence obvious.

                          charlton (o.s.)
                what's that?

     charlton is opposite him, outside the passenger-side window,
     pointing at the drawing that o'ryan had tossed onto speck's
     lap. it lies face down on the seat.

     but something's been finger-painted on the back of it: a
     red circle, with a slash through it.

     charlton begins to reach for it, when:

                          mackelway
                    (to stop him)
                sir?

     charlton stops. mackelway indicates: "gloves."

                                                            12.


charlton eyes him. it's irritating being corrected by a guy
you outrank, especially when he's right.

                     mackelway (cont'd)
           sort of a... stickler for procedure.

                     charlton
           i imagine you would be.

that was a jab, but we don't know it yet. charlton puts on his
gloves. mackelway snaps off a few more shots with that minox,
looking over the rest of this car, as:

                     granger
               (aloud)
           hey jumbo. toss me down a crowbar.

granger's by the trunk. before mackelway can comment, jumbo
has tossed a crowbar down from the top of the embankment: a
ten-pound hunk of iron, flying right at us.

everybody ducks... as it clangs on the roof of the buick.
jumbo shrugs.

                     jumbo
           you said toss it.

mackelway shakes his head. "shitkicker." granger grabs the
crowbar. he's just about to open the trunk as:

                     mackelway
           hold it a second.

granger pauses. mackelway crosses to the trunk, and snaps off
a few shots with the minox.

something catches his eye, along the line of the trunk. he
kneels closer... an odd residue, crusty and hard, has formed a
thin line on top of the paint in a single post.

he takes out a vial, and scrapes some of the residue into it.
then he sniffs it. pauses...

                     mackelway (cont'd)
           smells like... clove.

he looks to granger: now you can open the trunk.

                     dylan
               (re: mackelway)
           where the hell'd you find this guy?

                                                                 13.


                          charlton
                field office. dallas.

                          dylan
                    (impressed)
                well now...
                    (charlton shrugs)
                so what the hell's he doin' here?

     that one is left unanswered. granger opens the trunk.
     mackelway and the others look inside...

     there, they find restaurant supplies: napkin dispensers, salt-
     shakers, ketchup dispensers, a short-order wheel... and a
     fishing reel, tackle-box, a kid's bicycle helmet.

     mackelway eyes it all, but his instincts tell him there's
     nothing significant here. so he returns to speck's body.

     he leans in, lifts speck's head a few inches away from the
     steering wheel. gently.

     ...which is when we learn that speck's eyelids have been torn
     off. it's gruesome, but mackelway notes it calmly. charlton
     leans in, gets a look.

                            charlton
                christ...

     mackelway is expressionless. but something about these lidless
     eyes draws him closer. he leans in, then bam! we are rocketed
     into a series of dark, disjointed images:

