180   int. a third unidentified motel room - night                      180

      mackelway awakens. the room feels like it's swimming. his arms
      and legs are bound. his mouth has been gagged.

      and he is staring into his own reflection.

      he lies on his side. a mirror has been propped on the floor,
      just inches from his face - leaving him with nothing to look
      at but himself.

      he strains against the ropes, but there's no give to them.
      he's helpless, powerless. and that mirror is forcing him to
      watch it all with perfect clarity.

                                                        100.


a few feet away, o'ryan sits in a chair, calmly peeling the
skin off of an apple with that huge hunting knife of his. a
candle flickers on the floor by his feet.

                     o'ryan
           are you afraid?

there was a delight to that question - we can see it on
o'ryan's face. mackelway, of course, can't reply due to the
gag. but the answer's obvious.

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
               (quoting himself, as daitz:)
           "imagine a killer with no patterns, no
           tell-tale fetishes, no rituals of any
           kind. no hidden desire to be caught. a
           perfect vessel of evil."

all mackelway can see is his own reflection - the fear in his
eyes - bouncing off a mirror that's only inches away.

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           and the name we give that killer... is
           zero.
               (again:)
           are you afraid?

slowly, he lowers the knife into the flame of that candle on
the floor. it glows. good god...

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           it'd be customary at this point to start
           praying. i hear a lot of that. haven't
           seen too many answers though. i wouldn't
           hold my breath waiting for another
           janitor to break in here and save you,
           either. you're alone.

mackelway tries to speak. it's impossible.

o'ryan pulls the gag from his mouth, just long enough for
mackelway to say:

                     mackelway
           where's the boy?

o'ryan jams the gag back into his mouth, angrily.

                     o'ryan
               (re: the mirror)
           my, my. must be extremely satisfying to
           watch yourself say something so heroic.
           i'm almost envious.
                     (more)

                                                           101.


                     o'ryan (cont'd)
               (casually)
           the boy's under the bed. in pieces. are
           you afraid?

mackelway absorbs that - watches himself absorb it - then
looks to that bed. can't quite see what's under it...

o'ryan eyes the flames as they dance over the blade.

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           i know what you're thinking: "there is
           pain coming. am i going to take it like a
           man?" let me put you at ease: you won't.
           none of them do. men, women, children.
           they all weep, they all beg. they pass
           out, they piss themselves. they attempt
           negotiation: you wouldn't believe how
           many men have lain right where you're
           lying right now - grown men, with wives
           and children back home - offering all
           kinds of sexual gratification in exchange
           for a five minute reprieve. it's
           pathetic. are you afraid?
               (of course, no reply)
           then there's that moment when they
           realize there's nothing left to be
           negotiated. they're just mine. and
           they're helpless. and the look in their
           eyes, the level of surrender... well,
           it's almost pornographic. i put this
           mirror here because i don't want you to
           miss it. are you afraid?

with that, he lifts that hunting knife out of the flame. it is
red-hot. even looking at it is painful.

but mackelway can't look at anything else.

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           how about now?

just like that, that red-hot knife is an inch from mackelway's
face. the heat alone makes his head jerk back. wisps of smoke
rise from its edge.

and mackelway is forced to watch his own reaction to it.

he struggles against these ropes, to no use. a guttural sound
comes out of him.

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           are you afraid?

                                                           102.


o'ryan's hand lashes out a bit, leaving the sizzling knife
just under mackelway's chin. the anticipation of pain is
unbearable. and mackelway is reading it in his own eyes...

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           hmmm? agent mackelway? are you?

two things hit at once: 1) this monster is about to torture me
to death. 2) please, god, don't let me give him the
satisfaction of seeing me cry...

o'ryan moves the blade again, this time an eighth of an inch
above mackelway's right arm. the heat from it is so incendiary
that mackelway's shirt begins to smoke.

                      o'ryan (cont'd)
           are you?

mackelway's shirt is officially on fire now. the pain is
awful. he stares at his own reflection.

...as tears begin to flow from his eyes. he can't stop them.

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
               (top of his lungs)
           are you afraid?!

that bounces off the walls. mackelway shuts his eyes tight -
can't watch this anymore.

                     o'ryan (cont'd)
               (infuriated)
           open your eyes! open your eyes goddammit
           or i'll cut the fucking lids off!!

mackelway opens his eyes, forced to watch himself break. deep
sobs shudder through him, as...

o'ryan digs that red-hot blade into mackelway's arm:
                     o'ryan (cont'd)
           are you afraid?!?!

mackelway sees the answer in his own reflection: yes, i am
terrified. he shrieks, the sound muffled by that gag.

with his body able to do no more than spasm, he jerks his head
forward, smashing it into that mirror. the mirror shatters,
obliterating the image.

...and everything goes black.

                                                                 103.


      then, more images swarm at us. we're helpless to beat them
      back:

180a ext. darkness - unidentified time                              180a

      out of a soupy darkness, a dreamlike spin on a location we've
      visited before: it is the wheat field that o'ryan has remote
      viewed countless times. only this time we see it through
      mackelway's fever, or nightmare... we see the tall wheat, the
      wet wind - familiar images to us. all to the pounding chant of
      the navaho.

      but then other images enter this world. they're jarring:

      -that tribesman, eyes rolling back, foaming the mouth,
      dancing around a fire in a frenzy. then a curtain of wheat
      obscures him, revealing:
      -fran, and katie, giggling, crooking fingers as if inviting
      us. looks like they're naked. but as we approach them, they
      seem to get farther away. then that curtain of wheat that
      separates us from them reveals:
      -charlton, extending a hand to us, warmly, congratulating us
      for something, a job well done, when:

      mackelway himself is hunting through the wet wheat, gun drawn.
      he fires... then looks to see who he's just shot.

      a body. he turns it over.

      ...and is staring at himself, lying dead on the ground in the
      mud and pouring rain. it is a moment of shock and horror,
      giving way as we...

181   fade up again...                                                  181

      ...on o'ryan - at a desk, sitting upright, making notes on a
      pad. calm. businesslike. his back turned to us.

