4   int. speck's car - driving - moments later                        4

    speck guns the buick. interstate 35 flies by. the farther he
    gets away from that diner, the happier he'll be.

    ...until a strange sound gets his attention: it's wind, as if
    whistling through a ghost town. hollow, varied - building then
    falling off again. wind.

    trouble is, the windows in this buick are up.

    yet there it is again: a thin, hollow ghost-town wind,
    whistling over his shoulder. he's heard it before - in every
    western he ever watched as a kid.

    but this wind is coming from his back-seat.

    the blood drains right out of speck's face. doesn't know if he
    should jam on the brakes or drive faster.

    he looks in his rear-view, catches a glimpse of a latex glove
    snapping onto a hand. dear god: o'ryan is back there, making
    that odd ghost-town wind sound. whistling.

                          speck
                    (sheer terror)
               what-do-you-want?! what-do-you-want-with-
               me?!

    no reply. instead, another gift appears from the back: a
    fourth drawing, tossed from the darkness into speck's lap.

    he looks down, registers the image... and shrieks.

                         o'ryan (o.s.)
               there's a rest stop, next off-ramp. pull
               into it.

                         speck
               i have some money. it's not a lot but--

                         o'ryan
               nobody wants your money, harold. just
               pull in.

                                                                 6.


                         speck
               why?!

    o'ryan rises into frame now, like nosferatu...

                         o'ryan
               because i don't wanna do this at 70 miles
               an hour. it could be dangerous.

    speck finds the off-ramp. his breaths are shallow now.

                         speck
               please, mister - what do you want from
               me?

    o'ryan's face: a knowing grin fans across it...

                                                      cut to:

    ...the face of virgil ray starkey, on a bulletin board.

