9   ext. rest stop - off the interstate - day                         9

    your standard roadside rest-stop: a parking lot with weeds
    poking through it and bathrooms you wouldn't go near. those
    stormclouds we saw earlier are closer now...

    police cars and highway patrol motorcycles fill this site.
    charlton's fbi sedan pulls up. he and mackelway get out.

    two men approach: sheriff harry dylan, 50; and his deputy, bud
    granger, a gangly, baby-faced pup.

                         dylan
               afternoon, rick.
                   (charlton nods)
               looks like a robbery/homicide. body's
               over that way.

                                                                 10.


     he gestures toward a ravine, where a tow truck is currently
     lowering a winch toward an abandoned vehicle.

     it is harold speck's buick, nose-down in the ravine, teetering
     on a rock, like the balanced scales of justice.

                          mackelway
                ya run the plates?

     charlton eyes mackelway: "easy, hot-shot." mackelway nods,
     reminding himself to remember his new rank. dylan hands a
     preliminary report to charlton.

                          dylan
                fella's name is harold speck. traveling
                salesman, from abilene.

     charlton eyes the report, then hands it to mackelway. the
     hierarchy is being made clear. very.

     mackelway turns: this ravine runs right up against a sign that
     reads "welcome to texas" on one side and "you are now leaving
     oklahoma" on the other.

     a vehicle, left right on the state-line. odd...

     then, a noise: that tow-truck winch, grinding badly. it's just
     about to yank the buick out of this ditch.

                          mackelway
                    (it blurts out)
                hey!

     before charlton can react, mackelway is running across this
     weed-choked lot, zeroing in on the tow-truck driver.

