102   int. fulcher's home - basement - continuing                      102

      down the steps we go, until we hear the hum of an old freezer.
      we turn toward the sound.

      the freezer is open. a team of forensics guys study it.

      inside this freezer, frozen into a block of ice... are six
      female hands. no arms, no heads. just six slender hands, each
      with a wedding band on the ring finger.

      mackelway stands in the back of this basement, taking it all
      in. he looks to charlton, who is expressionless.

                                                       cut to:

                                                              61.


102a ext. fulcher's house - dusk                                102a

     close on mackelway as he returns to his yukon satisfied. he is
     pleased with himself. out of nowhere, a firm hand grasps his
     right shoulder stopping him.

     mackelway turns abruptly, finding himself sandwiched between
     his yukon and charlton, who is now in his face.

                          charlton
                listen to me cowboy. you have any idea
                the kind of favors i had to pull with the
                abilene cops to cover your ass?!

                          mackelway
                sir...

                          charlton
                    (not allowing him to talk)
                breaking and entering the speck house
                without a shred of evidence and no
                warrant?!

                          mackelway
                    (not going down without a
                     fight)
                the sample i took from speck's bumper...
                it's crystallized sulfuric acid mixed with
                oil of clove, the clove neutralizes the
                odor of the acid.

     charlton shakes his head, he is not getting through.

                          mackelway (cont'd)
                it was speck not his killer who was
                hiding something.

                          charlton
                ever ask yourself why a big shot agent
                from dallas gets sent down to the
                wichita falls field office? i'll give
                you two words... hell i'll even write it
                down for ya.

     charlton leans in to emphasize his point. he pulls out a pad
     and pencil from his breast pocket and writes what he says using
     mackelway's chest as support. it's humiliating.

                          charlton (cont'd)
                "evidentiary procedure." don't talk about
                it. learn it.

                                                                 62.


      those words just hang there, haunting mackelway. charlton
      tears off the sheet with those two words and stuffs them into
      mackelway's hand.

                           charlton (cont'd)
                 turns out you were right about this guy.
                 you were right about both of them. but
                 that doesn't change the fact that you
                 went about your business like a rookie.
                 got it?

      charlton turns, the buzz of a street lamp breaks the silence
      throwing a circle of light around the yukon. mackelway watches
      as charlton puts on his headlights and drives away.

      a sudden gust of wind tears that piece of paper out of
      mackelway's hand, he stares at it, as it disappears into
      darkness.

