50   ext. woods - starkey's pick-up - continuing                       50

     starkey lies, face up. shocked. squirming. bleeding. standing
     over him, looming large as a grizzly... is o'ryan. a long
     hunting knife extends from his hand.

     but his tone, to our great surprise, is conversational:

                          o'ryan
                hey, listen, i'm sorta new in town. ya
                know where i can find a good donkey show?

     starkey has no idea how to respond to this maniac:

                          starkey
                huh?

                          o'ryan
                oh. forgot. wrong country... in america
                animals have rights.
                    (pointedly)
                don't they, virgil?

                          starkey
                how the fuck should i know?

     o'ryan half-smiles, then kicks starkey right in the head.
     loretta's eyes go wide. another kick follows, to the ribs.
     then one to the groin. then:

                                                                 35.


                          o'ryan
                    (at loretta)
                turn around.

     he said that without looking at her. but he can tell that she
     hasn't moved - too frightened. so he eyes her.

                          o'ryan (cont'd)
                    (again)
                turn around!

     she turns away, lying face down on the seat, covering her
     head. no idea what kind of terror is to come next. we stay
     with her... able only to hear what follows:

     the sound is animal, awful - like a pig being gutted - a
     horrible squeal, covering the grunts coming from o'ryan.

     in goes the knife again, prompting another agonized cry from
     starkey. loretta's crying too: from fear, shock... she keeps
     her face buried, shutting her eyes tight. the sounds of
     savagery fill the night.

     then, one last gasp from starkey... followed by an awful
     silence... and the assault is over.

     loretta's too afraid to look up - certain that the maniac with
     the knife will be coming after her next.

     but then she hears footsteps, trailing away. so she rises,
     peeking over the edge of the window. we stay on her face, as
     she sees what's become of her attacker.

     her horrified scream fills the woods...

