int. evan's apartment - continuous

dim, cheap, probably roach-infested. as evan enters, the small
packages fall off the tv box and onto the floor.

evan places the tv by the door, looks at his torn shirt, but fuck it,
who cares; he's on a natural high. he peels his shirt off, revealing
his pierced nipples, flicks on the radio and dances his way over to
the fridge and grabs a drink.

in the tiny kitchenette area, a small swarm of flies hovers over a
grease-filled frying pan.

evan recoils, throws open the window and throws the grease to the
sidewalk five stories below. an ominous breeze enters --

and a kitchen cabinet slowly blows open. some forks and knives slide
forward on poorly stacked plates. daring to fall into the toaster.

evan spills some cooking oil on the range while pouring it into the
frying pan, then dumps in some frozen mozzarella sticks. evan puts
the frying pan on the stove and turns it on high.

he then grabs a container of chinese food and rests it on the counter
next to the fridge. on the fridge, several colorful magnets spell out
hey e.

push in on the h - which mysteriously drops into the chinese food -
the word ey e remaining. oblivious, evan puts the food in the
microwave and turns it on.

angle on stove

the cooki ng oil creeps toward the range... evan hits play on his
answering machine and rushes across the room to tear open his
packages...


                       voice (o.s.)
              dude! you suck! you buy one
              fucking ticket in your whole life
              and win twenty grand? we're going
              whoring in prague, you know this!
                     (whisper)
              hold on, the boss is coming.

a click, then hold muzak: ac/dc's highway to hell.

angle on magnet in chinese fo od. sparking. it pops and fizzles. and
ugly sound.

as many similar messages continue, evan unwraps a new rolex! he
slides it over his wrist, admiring it.

angle on knife

lazily sliding off the shelf and into the toaster, protruding about
an inch and a half. hardly noticeable.

by now, evan has opened the next package; a gaudy gold and diamond
encrusted horseshoe ring.

he carries the ring into the kitchenette, sees the chinese food is
flaming, and his hands flash out to turn it off -- a small explosion
from the microwave startles him.

the ring falls into his drain/garbage disposal!


                         evan
              damn it!

evan reaches into the drain, his fingers searching for the ring. when
he tries to pull his hand back out, the rolex catches.

another small explosion from the microwave, this one cracking the
glass. a solo plastic cup nearby begins to melt.

flames sputter around the rim of the frying pan. in moments, the oil
from the pan ignites. a small fire.

evan sees all this and yanks with all his might. no use. as the fire
slowly spreads to nearby cereal boxes, evan starts to panic. he
continues yanking... stuck.

he sees a bottle of palmolive on the other end of the counter. his
fingers reach for it.

slightly out of his grasp. but his fingertips are just long enough to
knock the bottle backwards - where it rests against two switches.

the fire alarm goes off. the phone rings.

evan desperately lifts his leg and tries to use his foot to edge the
palmolive over. by pushing the bottle up against the wall, it
threatens to turn on one of the switches.

angle on fingers

in the garbage disposal. a switch is flipped - but the light goes on.
and the palmolive lazily falls, resting on the remaining switch.


                         evan

              come on, come on...

evan makes one last push with his foot - accidently flipping the
switch - the garbage disposal grinds metal!

evan, horrified, miraculously yanks his hand free, brushing against
the knife in the toaster.

when the shock goes through evan's body, his other hand jerks out,
knocking the flaming frying pan to the floor.

the entire kitchen is in flames, including the new tv blocking the
door. the window slams shut! the room fills with smoke.


                       evan
              jesus christ!

evan grabs a fire extinguisher. a mere dribble of foam comes out. he
begins coughing in the smoke.

evan tries the window - stuck! he has no choice but to smash the
kitchenette window with the fire extinguisher to get to the fire
escape.

he dr ops the fire extinguisher, starts to climb out the window, hears
a creak and looks up just as --

a large jagged shard of glass comes crashing down at him -- evan
jumps back just in time as it shatters before him. the fire
completely engulfs the kitchen.

he bravely jumps through the window pane, landing on the fire escape.
he runs down the fire escape from floor to floor.

a large blast from his window showers him with glass and brick
shrapnel, but ultimately, he makes it to the fire escape's lowest
level, intact.

he tries to lower the rusty metal ladder to the ground. it budges
once, then twice, but won't go down. so he climbs over the railing
and gently drops to the ground.

safe and sound, he breathes a sigh of relief and turns to walk --

suddenly he s lips on the very grease he threw out the window, his
legs shoot out from under him and he lands on his back.

the rusty ladder suddenly dislodges and hurls downward -- coming
right for evan's face -- but stops halfway!

as evan laughs, breathing a final sigh of relief, it suddenly
plummets again -- impaling evan through his eye socket!

