int. elevator - continuous

nora slowly rises to her feet, feverishly mouthing a prayer... as the
door opens, nora rushes out - unseen to her, her long braid gets
snagged on one of the prosthetic hooks, yanking her backwards.

                          nora
                 let me go let me go!

                      eugene
             oh, watch it, you've caught your
             uh...

the guant man's sweet voice and demeanor are a clear contrast to his
outward appearance.

                      man
             goodness gracious, darling, let me
             help you with...

nora panic,s as eugene and the man try to untangle her braid. nora
desperately spins her body around, sticking her head back inside the
elevator.

kat appears in the lobby, smoking a cigarette.

                      kat
             you alright, nora?

the elevator doors begin to close, and clamp around nora's neck, her
head inside, body outside the elevator.

eugene pounds on the bumpers, but they don't seem to work!

                          nora
                 my god, someone please let me out
                 of this --

intercut

the up button is lit. clear rushes to the lobby.

the elevator rises!

inside the elevator, eugene watches nora's head drop to floor level -
then he pounds the emergency button - which shorts out!

nora's body lifts upwards from the force of the elevator floor!

nora's screams of terror and agony fill the air as the elevator
repeatedly lurches upwards.

kat gasps in horror to see this poor woman suspended above the floor.

it lurches. and lurches. and lurches. the horror never ends.

clear comes from the stairwell and is shocked by the sight. she runs
to the elevator doors, trying to pry them apart to no avail.

all kat can do, crying, is grab hold of nora's flailing legs and try
to pull her back down.

the elevator lurches a final time. nora's headless body fall down
into kat's arms, knocking her to the floor. kat freaks, skittering
away as the body convulses.

inside the elevator

eugene balls his hands to his mouth in undeniable fear. a
bloodcurdling moan escapes him. he stares transfixed as nora's head,
still aghast in terror, rolls around the floor.

the sight clearly sends eugene over the edge. he screams, claws and
pounds, desperate to escape the elevator.

