ext. gibbons' farm - day

brian gibbons jumps off the tractor and sprints down the hill toward
the accident. at the edge of the property is a common farm fence made
from wooden posts bridged by two thick wires.

brian skillfully climbs between the wires and runs past a dead oak
tree ten feet inside the fence. in the bg, mr. gibbons darts inside a
double-wide construction trailer.

                        mr. gibbons (o.s.)
              call 9- 1-1!

we follow brian

to the crash site. brian's jaw drops as he absorbs the chilling sight
of a guy and a girl dragging a blood- soaked man from the back seat to
perform cpr on him.

around brian, voices mesh in a surreal haze.

                       thomas
              stop it, don't move him!

                         kimberly

               he can't breathe damn it.   i think
               his lung's collapsed!

                        clear
               someone call for help!

we steadicam around brian to reveal a woman screaming from the
driver's seat. the sound is surreal.

                        kat
               i can't move my fucking leg!
               please get me out of here before it
               explodes!

the color drains from brian's face as the dying man on the ground
coughs blood and the girl performing cpr recoils.

the moment is still surreal as brian steps back, further away from
the horrors he can't face. into the street --

and rory yanks him back from imminent death as an ambulance speeds
onto the property.

                        rory
               watch it, dude!

that snaps brian back to reality. sounds become normal again. brian
collects himself and sniffs the air. he then drops to ground level,
looking under the expedition for something.

                        kimberly
               help us, we need help over here!

                        brian
                      (to kat, reassuringly)
               i don't smell any gas. and none's
               dripping, either.

brian sticks his head in kat's window and peers down at her trapped
leg. he swipes the broken glass away from the window with this thick
flannel sleeve, reaches in, and tries to yank the door open with all
his might.

no good, kat screams in pain.

                        kat
               stop that! i still need this foot,
               thank you.

brian steps back as the emergency vehicle speeds over.

dissolve to:

