  ext. country road – day

  the white rental car tears past the sign reading izu pacific land.  
  the car continues into the lot, screeching around corners before 
  coming to an abrupt halt.  asakawa, her face still oddly expressionless, 
  gets out of the passenger side.  ryuji exits as well, the hint of a 
  shudder running through him as he regards the series of rental cabins.

				ryuji		
		-here-.

  cut to asakawa and ryuji walking up the gravel path towards the rental 
  cabins.  ryuji looks back over his shoulder as both he and asakawa stop 
  before cabin b4.  the cabin is on stilts, its underbelly fenced off by 
  wooden laticework.  ryuji drops most of his supplies to the ground, but 
  keeps hold of the pick.  he raises the pick over one shoulder and begins 
  smashing away at the latticework.  when he has cleared enough space for   
  passage, he begins picking up supplies and tossing them hastily within.  
  when finished, he holds a hand out for asakawa.  the two enter the 
  earthen basement.


  under cottage b4 - day  

  ryuji pulls a flashlight out, flicks it on.  the beam arcs outwards, 
  illuminating what looks more like an old mine shaft than a modern 
  rental cottage.  the beam halts when it suddenly encounters an old 
  stone well.  the well is badly chipped on one side, and sealed off 
  with a solid-looking stone lid.  ryuji rushes quickly towards it.

				ryuji
		i knew it!  the well.

  he squats down beside the well, setting the flashlight on the 
  lid.  asakawa sinks slowly down beside him.

				asakawa
		the well...

  ryuji reaches out and takes asakawa’s hand.  he sets their enclasped 
  hands onto the lid, and together they begin lightly tracing the 
  surface of the lid with their free hands.  asakawa closes her eyes in 
  concentration... and suddenly, as with the incident on the beach, 
  asakawa finds herself drawn into ryuji’s psychometric vision.

  flash

  the picture is black and white, grainy like old film.  a young girl in 
  a white gown walks slowly towards an open well. she places her hand on 
  the lip of the well, peers curiously down.  

  flash

  asakawa looks up, her eyes wide open.

  flash
  
  there is now a second person in the vision, an elderly man in an old-
  fashioned tweed suit standing behind the young girl.  he suddenly 
  produces some bladed object, and strikes the girl savagely across the 
  back of the head.  

  the girl falls forward. the man drops to the ground, grabbing the girl 
  behind the knees and hoisting her limp body over the lip and into the 
  well.  the body falls into its depths.

  panting heavily, the man leans forward and grasps the lip of the well 
  with both hands, looking down.  he flashes a guilty look in either 
  direction, checking that his crime has gone unnoticed, and as he does 
  so asakawa realizes that she knows this face.  the image from the 
  videotape, like a face in the moon: it had been sadako inside the well, 
  looking up to see this man staring back down at her.

  this man whose name is professor ikuma heihachiro.

  flash

				asakawa
		her own father!

  the energy seems to drain out of asakawa in a rush, and her body 
  crumbles.  ryuji catches hold of her.

				ryuji		
		it was ikuma who put this lid on.  
		and sadako’s still inside.

  ryuji stands quickly, takes hold of the crowbar.  he inserts it under 
  the lid and begins trying to pry it off, face scrunched with effort.  
  asakawa digs her fingers in and lends her own strength as well. slowly,
  the lid begins to move.  ryuji tosses the crowbar aside and the two 
  lean the combined weight of their bodies into it.  the lid slides off, 
  dropping to the earth with a dull thud.  ryuji sits to one side, winded 
  with effort, as asakawa takes hold of the flashlight.  she shines it 
  down into the well, but it only seems to intensify the gloom. what 
  water she can see looks fetid and brackish.  ryuji sees her expression 
  and begins removing his jacket.

				ryuji
		i’ll go.

  he walks off, leaving asakawa alone.

  cut to an overhead shot of the well.  a rope is fastened to one side, 
  and ryuji has already begun lowering himself down.  his eyes wander 
  overthe grime-smeared walls, and with a shudder he begins to pick out 
  human fingernails.  torn loose and spattered with blood, countless 
  fingernails line the sides of the well. 

				ryuji
 		sadako was alive!  she’d tried to 
		climb her way out.

  ryuji’s face twists into a grimace as if momentarily experiencing 
  sadako’sterrible agony.  he waits a moment longer before edging his 
  way down the rope again, finally splashing to rest at the bottom of 
  the well.  he holds his flashlight above the brackish water, calls up 
  to asakawa.

				ryuji
		lower the buckets!

  asakawa nods and lowers two plastic buckets fastened to a rope.  ryuji 
  grabs one and scoops up a bucketful of water, tugging on the rope when 
  finished.

				ryuji
		take it up!

  asakawa hoists the bucket up to the rim of the well.  she walks a small 
  distance and tosses the contents out onto the ground.  she happens to 
  glance through the wooden lattice to the outside, and with a start 
  realizes that the sun has already started to set.  a nervous glance at 
  her watch later and she is back at the well, lowering the empty bucket 
  to find another full one already awaiting her.

				ryuji
		take it up!

  in the well, ryuji glances at his watch.  he looks at it for a long 
  moment, the expression on his face saying we’re not going to make it.  
  time passes as asakawa pulls up bucketload after bucketload, her 
  strength beginning to fade.  she half-stumbles, glances up... and is 
  shocked to realize that night has fallen.

  cut to asakawa slowly pulling up yet another bucket, her strength 
  almost gone.  she looks at her watch and sees that it is now past 
  6:00.  she calls frantically down to ryuji.

				asakawa
		it’s already six!

				ryuji
			(explosively) 
		i know!  hurry up and take it up!!

  the bucket slowly jerks into motion.  asakawa pulls it up to the rim 
  of the well, holds it unsteadily.  she takes one faltering step and 
  falls, spilling the bucket’s contents onto the ground.  

  cut to ryuji in the well, standing ready with another bucketful.


				ryuji
 		take it up!

  nothing happens.  

				ryuji
		asakawa!

  the bucket begins moving, even slower than before.  cut to asakawa, 
  her body trembling with effort. by now it’s all she can do to simply 
  keep her body moving.  she glances behind her, sees through the wooden 
  lattice that it is now pitch black.  a look of resignation crosses her 
  face and she releases her hold on the bucket, her body crumpling and 
  falling in on itself. 
  
  cut to the bucket splashing back into the well, narrowly missing 
  ryuji.

				ryuji	
			(fuming) 
		what the hell are you doing?  trying 
		to get me killed?

  cut back to asakawa, her face dead.  ryuji calls out from the well.

				ryuji (o.s.) 
		hey!

  asakawa falls backward onto the ground, arms splayed. cut to the rim 
  of the well.  ryuji pulls himself up over the rim, catches sight of 
  asakawa.

				ryuji
		asakawa!

  she lifts her head up but says nothing as ryuji walks over to her.

				ryuji
		we’ll change.  you’re in no condition 
		to keep this up.

  asakawa suddenly springs into life.  her voice is frantic, fearful.

				asakawa:	
		no!

				ryuji
		who do you expect to pull up these 
		buckets, then?

				asakawa
		but, we don’t even know if it’s doing 
		any good...

  ryuji strides forward and slaps asakawa painfully across the cheek.  
  he begins shaking her roughly for good measure.

				ryuji
		and what about yoichi, huh?  is his
		mother not coming to pick him up 
		after all?

  he releases his hold on her.  the two stare at each other a long time, 
  saying nothing.
 
  cut to an overhead shot of asakawa being lowered into the well. cut 
  now to asakawa inside the well, her face and clothes covered with 
  grime, body simultaneously limp with exhaustion and tense with fright.  
  unable to resist the impulse, asakawa slowly looks over her shoulder 
  and down into the well.  the dankness, the claustrophobia seeps in 
  and she draws in her breath in the first signs of panic.

				ryuji
		don’t look down!

  she returns her gaze, cranes her neck upward.  cut to ryuji leaning 
  over the rim of the well, peering down at her.  for an instant, 
  everything becomes monochrome. it’s not ryuji looking down at her at 
  all; it’s professor ikuma, checking to see if she’s still alive or 
  if the blow to the back of her head has finished her off.  cut to 
  asakawa, her eyes wide with fright.

  asakawa comes to rest at the bottom of the well.  a flashlight hangs 
  from another rope, but its beam has almost no effect on the darkness.  
  asakawa crouches forward, hands moving searchingly through the water.  
  she calls out pleadingly.

				asakawa
		where are you?  please, come out.

  asakawa straightens, unties herself from the rope.  a full bucket 
  already awaits.  she tugs on the rope and ryuji pulls it up.  

  she scoops up a second bucket, but something stops her from sending 
  it up.  instead, she begins running her arms through the water again, 
  her voice close to tears.

				asakawa
		please.  where are you?

  asakawa continues her blind fumbling, which sends up little splashes 
  of stagnant water.  with a start, she realizes that her fingers have 
  caught something.  seaweed?  asakawa draws her hands close for a 
  better look... and sees that is hair.  a thick clump of long, black 
  hair.

  suddenly a pale, thin arm shoots out from beneath the water, catching 
  asakawa just below the wrist.  asakawa’s ears are filled with a sound 
  like moaning as something slowly rises from its watery slumber.  it 
  is a girl, her face completely hidden by long, black hair.  cut to a 
  shot of asakawa’s face.  far from being frightened, her features are 
  oddly placid.  she regards the fearsome thing before her with an 
  almost tender look.  asakawa reaches out, lightly strokes that long 
  hair.  

				asakawa
		it’s you...

  she strokes the hair again, and abruptly it peels right off the head 
  with a loud squelch. revealed is not a face at all but a skull.  its 
  sockets are at first menacingly empty, but then begin to ooze the 
  green sludge it has pulled up from the bottom of the well.  like a 
  mother comforting a frightened child, asakawa pulls the skeletal 
  remains to her breast, strokes the bony head comfortingly. her eyes 
  begin to glaze.

  cut to ryuji racing up to the rim of the well, leaning down intently.

				ryuji
		hey!  asakawa!  it’s already 10 
		minutes past seven!  we did it!

  down in the well, asakawa continues staring blankly ahead.  her body 
  suddenly falls forward, limp.

