  int. ryuji’s apartment – morning

  ryuji is busy scribbling away at his notes again.  his hand suddenly 
  ceases, eyes dancing worriedly as he hears a faint...

  no.

  breath rattling fearfully in his throat, ryuji spins around to face 
  the television set.  he gets out of his seat for a better look, 
  falling to his knees on the tatami. 

  the image that fills the screen is the last scene from the videotape; 
  the shot of the well.  

  the sound from before comes louder now, more insistent, a metallic 
  screeching that both repulses and beckons him closer. ryuji crawls on 
  all fours towards the screen, stares at its unchanging image with 
  terrible foreboding.

  there is a flash of motion as something shoots out of the well. a 
  hand. first one, and then another, as sadako, still in her grimy white 
  dress, face hidden beneath long, oily strands of hair, begins slowly 
  pulling herself out.  the television screen jumps unsteadily, fills 
  with static as if barely able to contain her image.  

  cut back and forth between ryuji, who is beginning to visibly panic, 
  and the television, which shows sadako lurching ever closer.

				ryuji
			(almost frantic) 
		why?!

  the telephone rings, and ryuji spins round towards it, breath catching 
  in his throat.  he looks at the phone, over his shoulder at the 
  television, back to the phone.

				ryuji
		that’s it!  asakawa...

  ryuji scrambles wildly towards the phone.  he takes the receiver but 
  is unable to do more than clutch it fearfully as his gaze is drawn 
  inexorably back to the television.  sadako’s shrouded face has filled 
  the entire screen... and then, television popping and crackling, she 
  jerks forward and emerges from the television onto the floor of 
  ryuji’s apartment.  ryuji backs away, screaming in terror.

				ryuji
		aaargh!

  sadako lies prone, collapsed, hair splayed out like a drowned corpse.  
  only her fingers are active, crawling, feeling.  the tips of her 
  fingers are little more than bloodied stumps, not a single fingernail 
  on them.  she uses the strength in those fingers to pull herself 
  forward, coming jerkily to her feet.  the joints of her body twist 
  unnaturally, more insect-like than human.

  ryuji flings the phone aside and begins scrambling about the apartment 
  as if looking for cover.  the strength has already begun to fade from 
  his body, however, and his movements are clumsy, exaggerated. he falls 
  to the floor, panting heavily.  

  sadako turns to regard him, and for just an instant we can see beneath 
  her impenetrable shroud of hair; a single eye burns with manic, 
  unbridled hatred.   

  its gaze meets ryuji’s, and his face twists into a grimace as he 
  screams loudly.

  flash

