  ext. izu seashore - day

  asakawa watches ryuji stride down the shore.

  caption-- “september 19th.  monday.”

  ryuji strolls up to find old man yamamura sitting alone, staring 
  out at the sea.  yamamura glances up to see ryuji approaching.  
  ryuji takes a seat next to the old man, but it’s yamamura who speaks 
  first.  the deep basso of his voice emphasizes the drawl of his 
  accent.

				yamamura	
		y’all’d do best to be off soon.  
		sea’s probably gonna be rough 
		tonight.

				ryuji		
		what kind of a child was shizuko?

				yamamura 
		shizuko was... different.  she’d come 
		out here by herself ever’day an’ just
		stare out at the ocean.  the fishermen 
		all took a dislikin’ to her.  ocean’s 
		an unlucky place for us, y’see: every 
		year it swallows up more of our own. 
		you keep starin’ out at somethin’ 
		ike that... 

				ryuji
      		shoumon bakkari shite’ru to, boukon ga 
		kuru zo.  “if you keep playing in the 
		water, the monster will come for you.”

  yamamura looks at ryuji, surprised.  

				ryuji
		shizuko could see “inside” people, 
		couldn’t she?  down to the places 
		they’d most like to keep hidden.  it 
		must have been difficult for her...

  yamamura rises unsteadily to his feet, features twisted angrily.

				yamamura
 		please leave!  now!

  ryuji stands, takes hold of yamamura’s arm.

				ryuji
		i’ve got a little of that ability 
		myself.  it was you who spread the 
		word about shizuko, wasn’t it?  
		and you who first contacted 
		professor ikuma?

				yamamura	
		what’re you--?

				ryuji
		you thought you’d be able to make 
		some money off her.  you even got 
		some, from one of the newspapers.

				yamamura		
		leave me the hell alone!

  mr. yamamura strides angrily off.  both ryuji and asakawa take 
  pursuit, ryuji calling out from behind yamamura’s back.


				ryuji		
		tell us about shizuko’s daughter.  
		who was she?

				yamamura	
		i don’t know!

				ryuji		
		she was there, with shizuko. she 
		had to be.

  yamamura’s pace, which has become increasingly erratic, finally 
  causes him to stumble and fall.  ryuji comes up behind him, 
  grasping him firmly.  at their touch ryuji’s power awakens, and as 
  he peers into the old man’s mind there is a sudden blinding

  flash

  the setting is a large meeting hall.  a number of people are seated 
  in folding chairs before a stage, on which are a four men in business 
  suits and a woman in a kimono.  a banner hangs above the stage, which 
  reads public demonstration on the existence of clairvoyance.  

  flash

  ryuji eyes widen as he realizes he is seeing shizuko’s demonstration 
  before the press.  he also realizes--

				ryuji
			(to yamamura)
		you were there!

  flash

  yamamura shizuko, the woman in the kimono, is sitting at a table 
  onstage. her face is calm and expressionless.  standing off to one 
  side and peering from behind the curtains is a young mr. yamamura.

				ryuji	(o.s.) 
		you stood there and watched the 
		demonstration.

  cut back to the beach.  asakawa comes running up toward ryuji and the 
  prone mr. yamamura.  suddenly there is another

  flash

  asakawa, her eyes wide, finds herself inside the scene, reliving it 
  as if she had actually been there.  she watches as shizuko receives 
  a sealed clay pot in both hands.  shizuko regards the pot a moment 
  and then places it gently on the table before her.  she takes a 
  calligraphy stylus from the table, begins writing on a thin, 
  rectangular sheet of rice paper.  the members of the press talk 
  excitedly, craning their necks for a better look.

  onstage, a judge holds up the phrase written by shizuko and the 
  folded sheet of paper taken from the sealed pot.  the phrase on both 
  sheets is identical.

				judge		
		match.

  cameras begin flashing excitedly.  shizuko’s features melt into a soft 
  smile. 

  the experiment is performed again, and again the phrase written by 
  shizuko corresponds to the sealed sheet of paper.

				judge
		match.

  again and again, shizuko unerringly demonstrates her power to “see” 
  the unseen.  finally, a bearded reporter explodes from his chair, 
  begins striding angrily towards the stage.

				reporter	
		faker!  this is nothing but trickery, 
		and the lowest form of trickery at 
		that. 

  the reporter stops at the foot of the stage, points his finger 
  accusingly at shizuko.

				reporter	
		what are you trying to pull, woman?

  a second reporter sitting in the front row also rises to his feet.

				reporter #2	
		that’s right!  professor ikuma, 
		you’re being fooled!

  by now most of the press has risen from their chairs, pointing and 
  shouting angrily. onstage, shizuko backs away, eyes wide and 
  frightened.  she covers both ears, trying to block out the increasing 
  din.  professor ikuma holds her protectively by the shoulders.  the 
  first reporter is still shouting angrily, his voice rising above the 
  others.  suddenly, a pained look crosses his face and he collapses to 
  the floor.  the crowd, and asakawa as well, see that the reporter’s 
  face is contorted into a grotesque mask of fear.

				reporter #3	
		what’s happened?

				reporter #4	
		he’s dead!



				reporter #5	
			(to shizuko) 
		witch!

  professor ikuma begins leading shizuko offstage.  they stop as someone 
  unseen steps up, blocking their passage.  shizuko’s eyes widen, her 
  head shaking in disbelief.

				shizuko
		sadako?  was it you?

  cut to ryuji on the beach.  he looks up excitedly.

				ryuji		
		sadako?!

  he recalls the image from the video, the alien eye with the single 
  character sada reflected in reverse. *


  >* the majority of girls' names in japanese end in either -mi ("beauty") 
  >or -ko ("child").  thus, sadako means "chaste child."  sadako is, of 
  >course, the mysterious daughter of shizuko and professor ikuma.


				ryuji
		sadako killed him?  she can kill 
		just with a thought?

				yamamura	
		she’s... a devil spawn.

  cut back to the demonstration hall.  sadako, her face completely hidden 
  by her long hair, runs offstage... and heads directly for asakawa.  
  asakawa instinctively raises her arm, and sadako grasps it fiercely.  
  all the nails on sadako’ hand are stripped away; her fingers are raw, 
  bloody stumps.

  cut back to the beach.  asakawa, still caught in the throes of the 
  vision, has begun to swoon.  finally her legs give out and she crumples 
  to the beach.  ryuji grabs hold of her supportively.  he glances down at 
  her wrist, sees an ugly, purple bruise already beginning to form.  

  the bruise is in the shape of five long, spindly fingers.

  mr. yamamura slowly rises to a sitting position, and together the three 
  watch the approach of ominous, dark storm clouds.

