  int. library - night  

  ryuji and asakawa are seated at cubicles, looking through bound 
  archives of old newspaper articles.  asakawa sneaks a look at ryuji, 
  stands up and walks off a little ways.  she has already pulled out her 
  cell phone.

				asakawa	
			(whispering, on phone) 
		yoichi?  i’m gonna be a little 
		late tonight, honey. 

  ryuji looks over his shoulder at her, scowls.

				asakawa
		you can do it yourself, right?  ok.  
		sorry.  bye.

  she hangs up, returns to her seat at the cubicle.  she resumes her 
  scanning of the newspaper articles, and ryuji shoots her another scowl.  
  asakawa turns a page and then stops, frowning.  she has spied an article 
  that looks like...

  nervously, asakawa puts the thumb and forefinger of each hand together, 
  forming the shape of a rectangle.  or a screen.  she places the rectangle
  over the article she has just discovered, its headlines reading:

    mount mihara erupts 	local residents urged to take precautions

  ryuji notices her, leans forward excitedly.

				asakawa	
		i’ve got it!  this old article...

  the two scan the remainder of the page, and find a smaller, related 
  article.	

    did local girl predict eruption?
    a young lady from sashikiji prefecture...

  the two read over both articles, absorbing the details.  ryuji stands 
  suddenly, gathering his things.

				asakawa
		what are you doing?

				ryuji		
		has your newspaper got someone out 
		there at oshima?

				asakawa	
		i think so.  there should be a 
		correspondent out there.

				ryuji	
		i need you to find out, and let me 
		know how to get hold of him.
		tonight.

  he begins walking briskly away.  asakawa chases after him.

				asakawa	
		what do you think you’re--?

				ryuji	
			(angrily) 
		you’ve only got four days left, 
		asakawa!  your newspaper contact 
		and i can handle this from here 
		on out.  you just stay with yoichi.

  ryuji strides off.  asakawa stands motionless.

