  int. news station - viewing booth - night 

  asakawa and ryuji sit in a completely darkened room, their eyes 
  glued to the television monitor.  they are again watching the scene 
  with the fragmented kanji characters, but despite their efforts have 
  been able to identify only one additional word, bringing the total 
  to three:

	volcanic eruption	  local	     residents

				ryuji		
		this is impossible.

  ryuji fast forwards, stopping at the scene with the kanji reflected
  inside an alien-looking eye.  he reads the kanji aloud. 

				ryuji
		sada... 

  ryuji moves to make a note of this, notices the time.

				ryuji
		is yoichi gonna be all right?

				asakawa	
			(sadly) 
		he’s used to it...

  short silence.  ryuji breaks it by gesturing towards the screen. 


				ryuji
		whoever made this had to have left 
		some kind of clue behind.  they’re 
		probably waiting for us to find it.

  asakawa turns a dial to bring up the volume, which up until now has 
  been  on mute.  the room is filled with an eerie, metallic grating, 
  and asakawa spins the dial again, shutting it off.  just as she does, 
  ryuji’s eyes widen.

				ryuji	
		wait a minute.

  he turns the dial again, punches a few buttons as if searching for 
  something.  he listens carefully, and when he hears that strange 
  something again he stops, looks at the screen.

  it is paused at the scene with the figure, pointing, a cloth draped 
  over its head.  the figure now looks oddly like a messenger.

  ryuji and asakawa exchange glances.  this could be it.  ryuji flips 
  some more switches, setting the sound for super-slow mo.  what follows 
  is a strange, labored sort of speech-— a hidden message-- framed in 
  the skittering distortion of the tape in slow motion. 

				tape	
		shoooomonnn bakkkkkarrri toou...  
		boooouuuukonn ga kuuru zouuu...

				ryuji	
			(repeating) 
		shoumon bakkari, boukon ga kuru 
		zo.  did you hear that, too?

  asakawa nods.  ryuji is already writing it down excitedly.

				asakawa	
		what does that mean?

  ryuji tears the sheet of paper off the notepad, folds it, and tucks 
  it into his shirt pocket.

				ryuji		
		i’m gonna check it out.

