  int. pacific land – cottage b4 - night 

  asakawa flips on the tv.  it’s on channel 2, and there is nothing but 
  static. she kneels down to slide the tape into the deck and pauses a 
  moment, framed in the vaguely spectral light from the television 
  screen.  steeling her nerves, she puts the tape into the machine, picks 
  up the remote, and presses play.


  note: this next scene is entirely visual.  if you are reading this 
  translation before watching the movie, do yourself a favor; stop 
  reading this now and watch the scene for itself.  afterwards, you can 
  come back here to check the meaning of the japanese characters 
  displayed.


  the videotape

  at first it looks like nothing has happened-- then asakawa realizes that 
  she is now viewing recorded static instead of broadcast static.  she 
  watches, waiting, but the static continues unbroken.  asakawa looks 
  down at the remote, is about to press fast forward, when suddenly the 
  picture on the screen clears and for a moment she thinks she’s looking 
  at the moon.

  it’s not the moon at all, she realizes.  the shape is round like a full 
  moon, but it seems to be made up of thin ribbons of cloud streaking 
  against a night sky.  and there’s a face, she sees, a face hidden in 
  shadows, looking down from above.  

  what is this?

  the scene changes now, and asakawa notes that the tape has that kind of 
  grainy quality one sees in 3rd or 4th generation copies.  the scene is of 
  a woman brushing her long hair before an oval-shaped mirror.  the nerve-
  wracking grating as if of some giant metallic insect sounds in the 
  background, but the lady doesn’t seem to notice.  the mirror the lady is 
  using to brush her hair suddenly changes position from the left part of 
  the wall before which she stands, to the right.  almost instantly the 
  mirror returns to its original position, but in that one moment in its 
  changed location we see a small figure in a white gown.  the woman turns 
  towards where that figure stood, and smiles.

  the screen next becomes a twitching, undulating impenetrable sea of the 
  kanji characters used in the japanese language.  asakawa can pick out 
  only two things recognizable:

    local     volcanic eruption

  now the screen is awash in people-- crawling, scrabbling, shambling 
  masses, some of them moving in reverse.  a sound like moaning accompanies 
  them.
  -

  a figure stands upon a shore, its face shrouded.  it points accusingly, 
  not towards the screen, but at something unseen off to one side.  the 
  insect-like screeching sounds louder. 
  --

  close up on inhuman, alien-looking eye.  inside that eye a single 
  character is reflected in reverse:  sada, meaning "chastity."

  the eye blinks once, twice.  the symbol remains.
  ---

  a long shot of an outdoor, uncovered well.
  ----

  sudden loud, blinding static as the tape ends.

  asakawa turns the tv off, looking physically drained.  she sighs shakily 
  and slumps forward, resting on her knees.  just then, she glances at the 
  television screen.  she sees, reflected, a small figure in a white gown 
  standing at the rear of the room.  shocked, asakawa draws in breath, 
  spins around.

  the room is empty.  asakawa runs to the sofa to collect her jacket--

  --and the ringing of the telephone stops her dead in her tracks.  zombie-
  like, she walks towards the telephone, picks it up wordlessly.  

  from the other end comes the same metallic, insectoid squeaking heard on 
  the video.  asakawa slams the phone down and glances up at the clock.  
  it’s about seven minutes after 7 p.m.

				asakawa	
			(to herself) 
		one week…

  asakawa grabs her coat, pops the tape out of the deck, and runs out the 
  door.

