	ext. city streets - eleanor

	takes it on through the vast construction underway here ... and
	here's our money shot: eleanor. on route 33. coming at us ...
	followed by, literally, 20 police-cars ... could be just about the
	coolest fucking thing we've ever seen... but before we have time
	to gloat:

				police dispatch (o.s.)
		all units. suspect vehicle has
		left the harbor tunnel roadblock...
		state police advises they have
		a multiple t.a. on the long beach
		bridge... accident is unrelated
		to long beach p.d. pursuit... repeat
		unrelated to long beach p.d. pursuit.
		the area is closed except to
		emergency vehicles. suspect is headed
		in that direction. use caution in that
		area. repeat: use caution in that
		area ...

	the long beach bridge

	southbound traffic on the bridge (into long beach) is at a 
	stand-still because of the accident... the northbound side of the bridge
	is empty... northbound traffic stopped at the accident ...

	memphis comes to a stop 100 feet before the accident ... there is
	no way past it, onto the bridge ... all the cops behind him come
	to a screeching halt. he is truly trapped.

	detective drycoff

	is thrilled ...

				detective drycoff
		gotcha now, dickhead --

	but castlebeck's not so sure ... he sees a possible play... so
	does

	memphis

	heavy sigh... he shuts off the radio ... and there's a strange
	silence... as everyone waits ... watches ...

	quick cuts to --

	-- matty in the morning -- the gang at otto's -- the carpenter in
	his wood shop -- helen raines, in front of her tv -- the chopper
	cops -- paramedics, cops, injured motorists, fire men --
	castlebeck and drycoff... back to

	memphis raines and eleanor...

	another few beats of silence ... everyone watching ... he punches
	the gas... ripping down to the accident site... heading straight
	for it ... and we fear he aims to smash the site, maybe further
	injure the accident victims -

	not our memphis ... he's heading straight for

	the ramp truck

	parked ass-end toward long beach ... ramp down ... memphis rockets
	eleanor at the ramp truck's ramp... straight on ... and the ramp
	launches eleanor in glorious super-sexy-bloodpumping slo-mo over
	the accident site some thirty feet in the air ... evel-style ...

				detective drycoff
		you gotta be fucking kidding me --

	where she lands in a crippling thud... onto the empty side of the
	long beach bridge... cheers from the gang at otto's ... the gang
	at kiss-108 ... memphis pulls her to a stop... looks back at the
	scene ...

	castlebeck squints ... trying to see if it's his boy... memphis
	switches the radio back on ... matty has obliged... wilson
	pickett's "mustang sallyo ... and memphis drives over the bridge,
	the only car going northbound... memphis rides, daddy, rides ...

