	ext. international towers - day

	castlebeck and drycoff ...

				detective drycoff
		check it out --

	he points ... the '67 mustang appears at the top of the garage
	ramp ... brakes ... waiting for the light ... castlebeck squints...
	raises the binocs ... tough to tell.. memphis drifts into the stream
	of traffic ...

				detective drycoff (cont'd)
		what do you think -- ?

				detective castlebeck
		let's see what he's about --

	drycoff hits the lights and sirens ... memphis sees the car behind
	him...

				memphis
		shit ...

	and kicks it into gear...

				detective drycoff
		hey, now -- !

	he pins it ... and the race is on... in the biggest way possible.
	this is the grand-daddy of chase scenes here, so we won't take the
	easy way out. we'll actually script it ... memphis races out onto
	the busy street, drycoff on his ass.

	drycoff pulls up alongside him... so they can see him. but the wig
	and moustache prevent them from recognizing memphis ... other cars
	suffer from the pursuit ... they go careening into parked cars,
	storefronts, harvard square ...

	memphis side-swipes drycoff's car ... memphis drives down the
	memorial drive off-ramp, against traffic

				detective castlebeck
		1 baker 11, in pursuit following
		collision with suspect. suspect
		is male, white, 40-45, six feet,
		175 pounds, gray hair, gray
		moustache, dark suit ... t.a.'s have
		occurred...

	memphis races her down an alleyway... and we hear, as we will
	throughout, the voice of the

				police dispatch (o.s.)
		switch to open channel 3. all units
		stand-by.

				police dispatch (cont'd)
		1 baker 11 in pursuit of a '67 ford
		mustang, license in the 6th column -
		614 hso. repeat:  6-1-4 harry sam
		ocean. westbound on memorial drive,
		against traffic ...

	eleanor races past the queen mary ... crossing the bridge into
	long beach ... she flies down the street ... memphis, removing his
	wig and moustache as he goes... another police car has joined
	drycoff and castlebeck...

