7   ext. suburban street - morning                                  7

    ...steps outside. into the flow of commuters heading for the
    elevated trains. elbow to elbow. a river of humanity.

    spooner moves along, like everyone else. suddenly. his
    shoulders tense. that feeling at the back of his neck. he
    turns and sees...

    a robot. just behind him. humanoid in design, but still
    obviously a machine. metal and synthetic casings covering
    hydraulic muscles. the thing senses his stare. looks up
    with a muted whir...

                         robot
                   (metallic voice)
               good day, sir...

    spooner. speeds up his pace.     weaving through the crowd to
    lose the robot.

    we now realise this is the future. towering apartment
    buildings block the sun. the street packed with traffic.
    pedestrians wearing their computers like form-fitting
    portable offices. spooner throws a look at his surroundings:

    up high an industrial robot rolls down the side of a building
    cleaning windows.

    a work crew of oddly-shaped rube goldberg robots efficiently
    repairs the street. no human supervision.

    a robotic clean-up crew. lumbering along the sidewalk.
    scrubbing, sweeping. emptying trash...

    humanoid robots dotting the crowd. following their owners.
    walking slowly, deliberately. carrying boxes. groceries.
    briefcases.

    stamped on all the robots' sides, a logo:   iii laws safe.

    spooner stops to wait at a light with other pedestrians.
    directly in front of him, a little girl clutches her father's
    neck. she smiles big at spooner. front teeth missing.

                         little girl
               hi.

                                                              3.


                          spooner
               hi.

    but it's not her father. it's her robot caretaker.    the
    robot turns. looks at the girl.

                         robot
               you are not allowed to talk to
               strangers.

    spooner, disgusted.   has had enough.   he steps off the curb
    just as...

    the traffic signal swivels around.   training its large
    digital eye on him:

                         traffic light
               please return to the sidewalk.

    spooner dodges several cars on his way across the street.

                         traffic light
               please return to the sidewalk...

    the traffic signal, tracking him.

                         traffic light
               you are in violation of city
               ordinance 14-b726...

    spooner throws up his hand. flipping it the bird just as
    snap! it takes his picture.

                                                cut to:

