          81   int. dentist's office -- day
          
               the dentist (47) - tall and, unlike the receptionist, with
               impeccable skin covering his hardened, attractive face -
               examines chieko's mouth. his face comes very close to hers
               as he looks at her, making her nervous. the fat receptionist
               walks in without knocking.
          
                                     receptionist
                         here are the sterilized drill bits.
          
               the dentist looks up at her. she leaves the drill bits on a
               table and leaves. the dentist turns back to chieko and speaks
               face to face with her so she can read his lips.
          
                                      dentist
                         i-think-you-have-two-cavities-in-
                         your-molars.
          
               she smiles. the dentist moves closer to chieko's mouth again;
               she cannot stop looking at him.
          
               suddenly, chieko licks his cheek. he is surprised, but
               continues his checkup. she licks him again, this time on the
               lips. he pulls away, flustered.
          
                                     dentist (cont'd)
                         what are you doing?
          
               she grabs his hand, puts it on her inner thigh and rubs it
               against her pubis.
          
               he, confused, tries to pull his hand away, but she prevents
               him from doing so. the scene starts to turn slightly
               grotesque. after a slight struggle, he pulls his hand back.
          
                                     dentist (cont'd)
                         what's the matter with you?
          
               she grabs his hand again and, again, pulls it toward her
               pubis. he gets angry and moves back. the fat woman enters
               again without knocking, sees they are agitated and, without
               a word, walks out and closes the door.
          
                                                                             49.
          
               the dentist turns toward chieko.
          
                                       dentist (cont'd)
                           get out.
          
               she shakes her head. she is excited, anxious, scared,
               fragile. he pulls her by her wrist out of the chair.
          
                                       dentist (cont'd)
                           get out right now.
          
               he walks to the door and opens it. just before she walks
               out, chieko draws out a slight smile, which is almost a grin.
          
