          29   int. volleyball court -- day
          
               in an indoor volleyball court with bleachers, several japanese
               girls play volleyball. they all compete intensely for the
               point. there is excitement, but everything occurs quietly.
          
               a player jumps and spikes the ball. chieko (16), tall,
               beautiful, with strands of hair painted purple, volleys the
               ball back up. it reaches one of her teammates who sets up
               another to spike it.
          
               chieko's team wins the point. the referee, instead of
               whistling, lifts up a red flag.
          
               the players congratulate each other silently, in sign
               language. the only sound we can here is the parents' clapping
               as they watch the game from the stands.
          
               chieko's team serves. again, the game is heated. a rival
               player spikes the ball, and it is barely out of bounds.
               however, the referee, with his red flag, calls the point.
          
               chieko is upset and goes to argue with him.
          
                                     chieko
                             (in sign language)
                         the ball was out.
          
                                     referee
                             (in sign language)
                         no, it was good.
          
               chieko gestures violently.   one of her teammates goes to
               calm her down.
          
                                      teammate
                         let it go.
          
               chieko breaks loose and approaches the referee.
          
                                     chieko
                         that was out.
          
                                     referee
                         it was on the line.
          
                                                                            20.
          
                                     chieko
                         you're not just deaf, you're blind.
          
                                        referee
                         you're out.
          
               chieko is furious.   she starts to make obscene gestures.
          
                                     chieko
                         you're an asshole.
          
               the coach walks onto the court. he holds her to calm her
               down and then takes her away. despite chieko's violent
               reaction, everything is still silent. from the bleachers,
               yasujiro (47), chieko's father, dressed in a nice suit with
               the tie undone, with a sad pride about him, disapproves of
               his daughter's actions.
          
