          191   ext. parking lot, moroccan hospital -- evening
          
                the hospital's perimeter is guarded by dozens of soldiers.
                the security is impressive. a group of doctors and nurses
                with a stretcher wait in the parking lot. several journalists
                and cameras observe.
          
                ken and his entourage await the helicopter's landing. the
                helicopter approaches. the cameramen hurry to position
                themselves for a better shot.
          
                a reporter speaks to the camera.
          
                                      reporter
                          in this helicopter is susan jones,
                          an american mother of two who was
                          seriously injured in a terrorist
                          attack. it appears fundamentalist
                          organizations planned the attack...
          
                the helicopter settles softly in the parking lot. it is
                immediately surrounded by several moroccan soldiers. the
                doctors on the ground prepare the stretcher.
          
                ken walks hurriedly toward the chopper, guarding himself
                from the wind.
          
                susan is immediately placed on the stretcher and quickly
                taken to the emergency room. richard follows close behind
                until his is intercepted by ken.
          
                                      ken
                          mr. jones, i'm ken clifford,
                          ambassador to the united states.
          
                richard keeps running behind the stretcher.   ken stops him.
          
                                      ken (cont'd)
                          a first rate medical team is going
                          to tend to her, but if you want we
                          can take her to a hospital in italy
                          as soon as she's stable...
          
                                         richard
                          thank you...
          
                                      ken
                          there are lots of reporters waiting.
                          is there anything you want to say to
                          the press? a statement against
                          terrorism?
          
                richard looks at him as if he doesn't know what he's talking
                about.
          
                                                                            117.
          
                                      richard
                          the last thing i'm worried about
                          right now is the fucking press.
          
                he pulls away from ken and follows susan toward the e.r.
          
