66 int. onstage - night 66 
rachel dances erotically with the man -- bumping and 
grinding, sinking to her knees.  the crowd roars 
approval. 
frank quickly sizes up the scene.  he speaks into a surv 
kit microphone in his sleeve.  across the room we see 
henry listening, pushing an earpiece to his ear.  henry 
quickly scurries to an exit.  frank starts moving toward 
the stage.  at that moment, the lucky man rachel's 
dancing with grabs her around the waist and spins her 
gleefully, like the dance partner she has been pretending 
to be.  one of security guards rushes forward to extri- 
cate her.  the spinning man inadvertently bumps hard 
into the guard and the man loses his grip on rachel. 
she flies out of his grasp and tumbles off the front of 
the stage -- into the adoring arms of a half dozen fans. 
the audience goes wild.  this is the kind of thing 
rachel was famous for when she was starting out.  the 
scene resembles a rugby scrum... with rachel the ball. 
frank sees rachel being passed over the heads of fans -- 
deeper into the audience.  her dress is ripped and torn 
apart.  the silver headpiece is dislodged and disappears 
into the crowd. 
close on rachel 
fear fills her face.  she's gone over the edge, literally 
and figuratively.  she's lost control.  tony and the 
security guards are fighting to get to her, slamming 
bodies out of the way.  in the b.g., the video continues 
on its serene, uninterrupted way. 
frank's pov 
he spots a fire extinguisher in the wings. 
back to scene 
frank grabs it and heads to center stage.  he aims the 
extinguisher at the crowd between rachel and the stage. 
the chemical foam does its job, scattering fans. 
frank leaps onto the floor, kicking a wild-eyed young 
blond man in the chest as he fights his way to rachel, 
taking her in his arms.  tony runs ahead of frank, knocks 
a fan off the stage and waves for frank to follow.
56. 
frank 
tony, not there. 
tony 
i'll take care of this. 
he heads for the door.  
tony 
just follow me. 
he turns and heads out to the sidewalk like a bull. 
