	int. a mental hospital - day
	
	a few patients sit around fumbling with themselves. one man
	sits at a table scratching back and forth on a piece of paper
	with a crayon. another stands in a corner smoking a cigarette
	and staring at the crayon guy. this is charles. another man,
	karl, sits in a chair staring at the floor and rubbing his
	hands together. we cut back and forth between charles staring
	and crayon man scratching. after a moment, an attendant
	approaches charles.
	
	                    attendant 
	          you can't smoke in here.
	
	charles stares at him blankly for a moment and continues
	smoking. he looks back to crayon man again for a moment then
	looks over at karl and then goes and sits down beside him.
	
	                    charles 
	          a mercury is a good car and that's
	          what i was driving that day. i've
	          owned a lot of cars. different
	          kinds. lots of different kinds of
	          cars. she was standing, this girl,
	          on the side of the street where
	          there was a chicken stand; not the
	          colonel, mind you, but nevertheless
	          a chicken stand, and i pulled the
	          mercury over and rolled down the
	          window by electric power. she was
	          wearing a leather skirt and she had
	          a lot of hair on her arms. i like
	          that. i like it a lot. it means a
	          big bush. i like a big bush. she
	          said, "are you dating?" i said,
	          "yes," and she got in the car. we
	          pulled to a remote location, one
	          that she and i both felt
	          comfortable with and she said, "how
	          much can you spend?" i said, "what
	          it takes to see your bush. i know
	          it's a big one." she said "twenty
	          five dollars," which to a working
	          man is not chicken feed. i produced
	          the money and she put it in her
	          shoe and pulled up her skirt. there
	          before me lay a thin, crooked,
	          uncircumcised penis. you can
	          imagine how badly i wanted my
	          twenty-five dollars back.
	
