144 int. chapel of our lady of the check-out counter night 144
	
	cut to sam slipping into the chapel (in tight spot) and
	suddenly being confronted by spiro the maitre d.
	
						spiro
			ah, yes, mr lowry. it's so good you
			could make it. right this way.
	
	sam, dumbfounded, follows.
	
	cut to sam being lead into the middle of the cold, modern
	chapel which, possibly for the occasion, has been tarted
	up with some red velvet curtains that help make it a bit
	theatrical. a large flower-smothered coffin rests on some
	sort of raised stand in front of the altar, a vicar stands
	in the pulpit, and a fair sprinkling of people sit in
	stepped seats on three sides of the room.
	
	the coffin is closed, but a length of bandage has escaped
	the lid. standing amidst the floral tributes is a large,
	rather idealized, colour portrait of mrs terrain looking
	not so much young as beautiful. among the mourners are drs
	jaffe and chapman and others in their operating gowns.
	
	
	to enlarge on the scene, we see shirley t snuffling in her
	hanky and a few others chatting amongst themselves, the
	vicar standing in his pulpit waiting to get on with it,
	etc. cut to sam trying to take all this in, stopping in
	the middle of the room. don't forget dr chapman sobbing.
	
						spiro
				(stopping and looking back
				at sam)
			mrs lowry? mrs lowry is ...
	
	in the background the vicar begins speaking, and we hear
	his voice throughout the following action. cut to sam's
	pov ....
	
				 vicar (in background)
			at these times of giving and
			receiving let's remember the greatest
			gift of all: not a gift to be
			spurned, not a gift to be opened and
			carelessly set on one side, not a
			gift to be taken back and changed,
			but the gift of eternal life. mrs
			terrain has just received that most
			wonderful of all gifts. she came to
			us physically new, she goes hence
			from us not so physically new. but
			the spirit never grows old. and in
			the domain of the eternal giver, mrs
			terrain shall dwell in bountiful joy
			forever.
	
	..... (cut to sam's pov) ... past spiro to a section in
	the bleachers directly across from the coffin and the
	vicar where a woman (her back to sam) is surrounded by a
	buzzing flock of very handsome and well-dressed young men.
	
						sam
				(trying to take in scene)
			what? ... oh ...
				(starts to follow spiro)
	
						spiro
				(coming up to back of
				woman)
			madam ...
	cut to woman turning, half in flirtatious conversation. it
	is sam's mother, but miraculously another twenty years
	younger and ... a parody of sam's dream girl.
	
					   mother
			sam!!!
				(uncertainty in her
				expression)
	
						sam
				(staring dumbly, not
				knowing what to say)
			mother? ... what ... what's ...
			you've got to help me ...
	
					   mother
				(embarrassed, unsure)
			not now ... please
	
					young gallant
				(belligerently)
			ida, is this fellow bothering you?
				(getting up)
			i'll -
	
	but before we can find out what he'll:
	
						sfx:
			terrific crash.
	
	cut to entrance to chapel as a squad of troops come
	crashing in. people begin to scatter, screaming. the
	troops spot sam who dashes away from his mother and heads
	for a door behind the altar. in his panic he crashes
	against the coffin which topples over spilling its
	contents ... a hundredweight of offal. sam covers his
	mouth and dashes through the door.
	
	
