133 int.   information retrieval room				  133
	
	the bag comes off. sam finds himself strapped into an
	information retrieval chair. the camera tracks back
	frighteningly fast revealing that he chair stands in an
	unbelievably vast room. the walls curve up and out of
	sight.
	
	the floor doesn't seem to be a floor at all - strange
	light undulates beneath. the whole effect is one of total
	disorientation and overwhelming size. sam is desperately
	trying to take it in. next to the chair is a porcelain
	tray of evil and frighteningly ambiguous instruments.
	worrysome electrical connections and meters are near at
	hand. as the guards leave sam to take up their positions
	near the distant door they hand over documents to the
	white-coated information retrieval officer.
	
						guard
			11/aft/607, sir.
	
	they all sign the document which the i.r. officer retains
	after giving carbon copies to the guards. the guards then
	proceed to the door and take up positions on either side
	of it. the i.r. officer heads toward sam. we can now see
	he wears a mask. it is the face of the forces of darkness.
	a smiling baby doll face. sam sits, mesmerized, watching
	him approach. within fifteen or twenty yards of sam the
	i.r. officer comes to an abrupt halt. he seems to sway.
	after a moment he turns slightly, hesitantly, giving the
	impression that he may return to the door. he looks at the
	guards, pauses, straightens himself up, takes a deep
	breath and continues again towards sam, rather more
	briskly than before. sam watches, terrified and
	fascinated. the i.r. officer goes to the table which is
	covered with evil-looking surgical-type instruments - he
	blunders clumsily into it, knocking a couple of them onto
	the floor. he picks then up quickly and replaces them.
	
						sam
			jack?
	
	the i.r. officer reacts to this as if he's been hit in the
	solar plexus, and he tries to disguise it by simulating a
	coughing fit. he then picks up a nasty looking implement
	and advances on sam.
	
						sam
			jack?... jack?
	
						jack
				(hysterically from behind
				mask)
			shut up!
	
						sam
			jack, i'm innocent! help me.
	
						jack
			bastard!!!
	
						sam
			this is all a mistake. jack, please
			take that mask off.
	
	jack is very close to sam, he is shaking. he lifts up his
	mask to reveal sweaty face, contorted with fear and anger.
	
						jack
			you stupid bastard!
	
						sam
			what?
	
						jack
			how could you do this to me?
	
						sam
			help me, jack! i'm frightened!
	
						jack
			how do you think i feel? you shit!
	
						sam
			jack ...
	
						jack
				(pulling down mask)
			shut up! this is a professional
			relationship!
	
	jack comes at sam with the horrifying implement.
	
						sam
			jack!! ... you can't ... no, don't!
	
	sam's eyes widen in terror. from his pov we look up at
	jack approaching. the ceiling above and behind jack is
	suddenly and. loudly penetrated by the ceiling hole
	machine, and in an instant without benefit of "fireman's
	pole", the commando-like figure of mr tuttle gun in hand,
	leaps through the hole.
	tuttle is immediately followed by similar looking men with
	balaclavas, guerilla-type clothing, and very efficient
	guns. jack is cut down. so are the two guards who have
	opened the door from the corridor and are shooting into
	the room.
	
	tuttle raps out into a walkie-talkie
	
					   tuttle
			detonate!
	
	from somewhere near at hand there is a large explosion
	which rocks the room. tuttle is already unstrapping sam.
	
					   tuttle
			let's go!
	
	
