23  ext.   sky						 day		   23
	
	cut to brilliantly clear sky. from on high an odd bird-
	like figure swoops down on the camera. as it comes closer
	we can see that it is, in fact, a man wearing strange wood
	and metal bird wings. in the bright sunshine their
	flapping movements create a brilliant, flashing effect.
	along with the wings, sam lowry (for this is he) wears an
	outfit that combines the best of flash gordon and a wwi
	fighter pilot. he sweeps past the camera and then,
	banking, rises back into shot in mcu. an ethereal voice
	can be heard calling "sam ... sam ... sam". he hovers,
	looking beyond the camera to something wonderful. cut to
	face of stunningly beautiful girl, she is the idealised
	twin of jill layton ... her long hair swirls across her
	face partially obscuring it and making her appear slightly
	mysterious. the camera pulls away from her as soft
	billowing material sinuously undulates about her. it rises
	and falls like waves carried on the wind. as the camera
	glides back through this sea of gossamer we can see that
	the girl is being held aloft by and in it. a vast
	landscape stretches below her. the sun frames her in the
	sky. she and sam are engaged in a beautiful sensual aerial
	ballet.
	
	romantic music fills the soundtrack.
	
	sam swoops up and away. the girl floats in the distance as
	sam. rises in the foreground. she beckons to him. sam
	begins to flap back towards her. but then the dreamy
	quality of this scene is interrupted by threatening
	rumble. sam looks down.
	
	the ground far below him suddenly erupts as a massive,
	monolithic stone skyscraper bursts through the surface and
	soars upwards with a mighty rush.
	
	cut to the girl in long shot. the monolith rises up into
	frame partially cutting her off from view.
	
	before sam can do anything, another stone skyscraper
	breaks through the ground and rushes upwards. then another
	and another. there is nothing sam can do. the girl is
	being cut of from him by these gigantic faceless
	structures. and then she is finally lost from view
	somewhere in the depths of this strange stone metropolis.
	sam lies closer. the stone skyscrapers appear to be solid.
	no windows. no doors. nothing whatsoever to interfere with
	their clean, harsh, rectilinear design. as he flies among
	these towering blocks he sees no sign of the girl, only
	sheer walls rising high above him. below him the walls
	plummet vertiginously into the darkish streets. no sound
	but the creaking flapping of his wings can he heard in
	this dead place. coming round a corner he sees something
	in the distance. far below him a dark procession is
	wending its way through the narrow passages... away from
	him.
	
	cut to low angle shot of the procession making its way
	past the camera. black-robed and cowled, the sinister
	figures look like heavily armed monks. these are the
	forces of darkness. together they are straining at several
	heavy hawsers that rise in long arcs up to a huge metal
	cage floating above and behind the procession. binding the
	cage are metal straps to which ropes are attached. inside
	is the girl - still enveloped in gossamer which billows as
	if there were a breeze in constant attendance.
	
	cut to sam as he dives out of shot.
	
	cut to the forces of darkness suddenly stopping in their
	tracks. they've seen something.
	
	cut to their pov. there at the end of the passage between
	two stone skyscrapers stands sam ... barring the way.
	
	cut to swords being unsheathed. cowls being thrown back.
	underneath are rotting, broken dolls' faces. all the faces
	are the same except for the manner in which they have
	decayed. they smile - slobbering, sickeningly. suddenly
	the robed bodies change shape - some rising up to become
	long, others expanding sideways to become bulbous, others
	shrinking. from the folds of cloth come evil weapons. the
	forces are massed ready to charge.
	cut to long shot of sam. he removes his arms from his
	wings and folds the wings behind him. he is ready.
	
	cut to the forces. nothing moves ... except for the
	constant dribble from their cracked mouths.

	cut back to sam. stillness. the tension is unbearable.
	suddenly sam unleashes a terrifying scream and charges the
	fearsome horde. unarmed!

	cut to the forces thundering down to sam. weapons flailing
	madly.

	sam skillfully dodges the swordthrust of the leading
	field, and karate chops him senseless - at the same time
	catching his sword as he falls. spinning around he parries
	a spearthrust and skewers a third attacker. slash! hack!
	stab! he lays waste to the forces. nothing can stop this
	boy. the pile of black-robed bodies grows with each swing
	of sam's sword. wham! bam! smash! sam carves his way
	through the mob with nary a scratch. and then, suddenly,
	they are all dead, but a heap of blackness to commemorate
	sam's prowess. the girl is beaming as sam makes his way
	toward the hawsers holding the cage. but then a noise
	behind him makes him turn. there, behind him the pile of
	black shapes begin to rise. the ropes become a mass of
	flapping black cloth. this evil churning cloud coalesces
	and lifts off the ground. the horrible flapping apparition
	emits a terrifying maniacal laughter as it flies away. sam
	is about to rush after it to halt its escape but is
	stopped by the sound of a telephone ringing. he looks
	around - confused.

