13  int.   office					   night		 13
	
	the technician gets up and balances a chair on top of his
	desk. he climbs up onto it attempting to swat the beetle
	still buzzing about the room just out of reach. beneath
	him an automatic type-writing machine rattles away
	compiling a typed list of names under the heading
	"information retrieval, subjects for detention &
	interview". the machine is being fed from a spool of paper
	which is being rhythmically chopped by an automatic
	guillotine which neatly leaves each name on a separate
	sheet, with the title above each name, each sheet
	following its predecessor into a holding basket. in close-
	up we see the names on the sheets of paper building up in
	the holding basket: tonsted, simon ... topper, martin f.
	... trollope, benjamin g. ... turb, william k. ... turner,
	john d. ... every name begins with t.

					 interviewer
			do you think that the government is
			winning the battle against
			terrorists?

					  helpmann
			on yes. our morale is much higher
			than theirs, we're fielding all their
			strokes, running a lot of them out,
			and pretty consistently knocking them
			for six. i'd say they're nearly out
			of the game.
			
	the technician is tottering on one leg on the chair on the
	desk as he strains to swat the beetle. swish, swash, oops,
	whap! gottcha!!

					 interviewer
			but the bombing campaign is now in
			its thirteenth year ...

					  helpmann
			beginner's luck.

	the beetle's career comes to a halt ... squashed flat on
	the brilliantly clean ceiling ... or has it? as the
	technician clambers down from the rickety heights, the
	beetle's carcass comes unstuck from the ceiling and drops
	silently into the typewriting machine which hiccoughs,
	hesitates and then types the letter "b" and hesitates and
	then continues so that the next name is buttle, archibald.

	the technician fails to notice this and the machine
	continues smoothly tutwood, thomas t. ... tuzczlow,
	peter...

					 interviewer
			thank you very much, deputy minister.

					  helpmann
			thank you, david ... and a very merry
			christmas to you all.

