31  ext.   darkness					 night		 31
	
	the milky white spheres tumble everywhere. but they are
	not onions, they are the giant eyeballs burtling through
	space. sam is clinging desperately to one. he grabs the
	pupil for a better handhold and it opens like a hatch
	cover. sam manages to pull himself inside. once out of the
	intergalactic maelstrom, sam turns to survey the cramped
	and dark space inside the eyeball. it seems to be bisected
	by a dividing wall, from which a thin sliver of light is
	escaping. pushing on the wall in the area of the slit, sam
	is able to move a section. more light shaftes into the
	tiny space from around the edges of what appears to be a
	small hatch. sam scrunches down and really puts his
	shoulder to the hatch. with a metallic rasp it gives way
	and sam crashes through.
	
	cut to other side of opening as sam topples through. he
	catches himself in the nick of time as the camera zooms
	back revealing his close call with disaster. he is high on
	a vast wall of what looks like filing cabinets. the hatch
	he came through was the front of one of the millions of
	files-drawers composing this wall. as he scrambles back
	into the opening we can see that the wall drops away for
	hundreds of feet, disappear into a steaming mist. other
	walls of files enclose this vast space. from where sam is
	it looks like the view from the 50th storey of the time
	life building in nyc. these millions of files are being
	tended by men arising themselves up and down, as well as
	sideways, on modern skyscraper window-cleaners' platforms.
	the attendants are seen putting people in different period
	costumes into drawers. sam's attention is distracted by a
	sound overhead. looking up he sees a window washer
	platform being lowered in his direction. leaning over the
	side is a jolly gent, who happens to look like mr helpmann
	(as seen on tv).
	
						gent
			ah ha ... there you are, sam.
	
						sam
			what? how do you know my name?
	
						gent
			we know everything here. this is the
			storeroom of knowledge.
	
						sam
				(climbing onto the
				platform)
			then perhaps you can help me. i've
			lost someone who ...
	
						gent
				(interrupting)
			we know that too. you've come to the
			right place.
	
	the platform carries them along the files.
	
						gent
			oh, yes. we've got everything here.
			every bit of knowledge, wisdom,
			learning ... every experience, every
			thought neatly filed away.
	
						sam
				(incredulous)
			what? you mean you've got ...
	
						gent
			well not exactly. but, if you help us
			we'll help you. the forces of
			darkness have won the day ... but,
			tomorrow is another one
	
						sam
			what do i have to do.
	
						gent
			you must save the day.
	
	the platform has stopped. the gent pulls out a drawer. he
	reaches inside.
	
	the gent pulls out a wonderful sword and helmet.
	
						gent
			this is the sword of truth ... and
			this the helmet of justice.
	
	as sam begins to strap on the weapon the gent brings out a
	cape.
	
						gent
			and this. completes the outfit.
	
	he puts the cape around sam's shoulders and helps him step
	into the drawer. a moment's hesitation and then sam outs
	the helmet on and lies down in the drawer. it fits just
	like a coffin.. as he lies back the gent pushes the drawer
	in.
	
						gent
			it won't be pleasant but, trust me.
	
	as the drawer is pushed in sam suffers a sudden bout of
	claustrophobia. looking up at the diministing opening he
	is surprised to see - not the face of the jolly gent - but
	a terrifying samurai warrior's masked helmet. sam
	struggles to prevent the drawer being closed.
	
