29  ext.   brilliant sky				 day		   29
	
	sam as his dream-self rises into shot, his wings straining
	as he tows the floating cage imprisoning the girl. they
	are rising up and away from the monolithic stone
	skyscrapers that stretch away below them.
	
						sam
			i'm taking you to a safe place. a
			place where they will never be able
			to get at us ... ever.
	
	an eyeball is scanning the sky. pulling back we see it is
	but one of thousands, tightly packed side by side forming
	a landscape that extends as far as we can see. as sam and
	the girl in her cage come into view it becomes apparent
	just how big these eyeballs are - they are gigantic -
	about 10 feet in diameter. all of them follow sam as he
	comes to rest on a platform high atop a column that rises
	from the centre of this bizarre place.
	
						sam
			there's no way they can approach us
			without being seen. you're safe here.
	
	he anchors the hawser holding the cage and takes off his
	wings. just as he starts climbing up to the cage a
	terrific cracking noise is heard. sam freezes.
	
	a dead straight crack is bisecting the sky from somewhere
	beyond the horizon - running right up the sky and over the
	camera. sam follows it as it continues over the girl and
	down to the opposite horizon. another crackling noise is
	heard. another crack appears. then another. and another.
	all these cracks are emanating from a vanishing point over
	the horizon. soon the sky is covered with these cracks
	from horizon to foreground. then cracks begin appearing at
	right angles to them. very quickly the sky is covered with
	a mammoth grid. once it is complete, another noise is
	heard. something like massive blocks of stone sliding
	against one another. one of the squares formed by the grid
	pattern begins to slide upwards as if being pulled out
	from the back side of the sky. a square hole is left in
	its place. we can see the sides of the hole as it extends
	upwards into blackness. as soon as this first block of sky
	is withdrawn, another begins to slide up and away. sam is
	frozen in position as this terrifying spectacle goes on
	above him. the eyeballs are madly looking this way and
	that. the grinding noises are deafening as block after
	block of sky is removed. with each successive loss the
	light decreases. the girl is crying out for sam to save
	her. frantically sam tries to haul the cage down to the
	platform but it's too late.
	
	where the sky was is now pitch black. only one block of
	sky remains. slowly that final bit of sky is pulled up and
	out of shot. total blackness. a maniacal laughter can be
	heard. a beam of light is switched on. sam has a
	searchlight in his hand and is searching the darkness. the
	laughter continues. suddenly the beam catches something
	black and moving. it's the same black, flapping cloth that
	appeared at the end of the previous dream. the horrible
	flapping thing comes thundering down on sam.
	
	he is engulfed in the black awfulness.
	
