60  int.   30th floor corridor			day		   60
	
	sam steps out of the lift.the lift doors close. sam looks
	up and down the corridor hearing nothing. silence. then
	he, and we, begin to hear a sound. it is a curious
	whirring murmuring tummeling sound, and it seems to be
	growing closer. suddenly a scrum of people swings into
	view around a corner at the far end of the rather long
	corridor. at the centre of the scrum is a tall man with a
	magisterial expression and an air of eternal bustle. this
	is mr warren. he is surrounded by the expediters who are
	competing for his attention with bits of paper and bits of
	sentences. mr warren is snapping out decisions. satisfied
	expediters drop out of the scrum at intervals,
	disappearing one at a time through one of the many doors
	which line both sides of the corridor.the scrum doesn't
	get any smaller because new expediters dart out of other
	doors and join the milling mob. the whole circus is coming
	by sam at the rate of knots. the sound it makes breaks
	down into something like this.
	
					 expediter 1
				(waving pager)
			mr warren, this order ...
	
					 expediter 2
				(waving same)
			mr warren ...
	
					 expediter 3
				(ditto)
			about this invoice ... victim's list
			...
	
					   warren
				(dealing on all sides)
			yes ... no ... send that back ...
			wrong department ... of course ... of
			course not ... yes ... no ... maybe.
	
	cut to sam watching this caravanserai with awe as it
	starts pass him.
	
					 expediter 4
			... about these requisitions ...
	
					 expediter 5
			mr warren ... ex/27 has 15 suspects
			still outstanding.
	
					 expediter 6
			... a decision, mr warren ...
	
					   warren
			... cancel that ... okay ... put half
			as terrorists, the rest as victims
			... yes ... yes ... no ... definitely
			no ...
	
	sam doesn't have the nerve to jump into this. the scrum
	sweeps by and fades away along the corridor, and finally
	disappearing around the corner at the other end. sam
	follows. silence has descended again.
	
	
