117 ext.   ministry of information retrieval	  night	117
				   building
	
	sam is leaving the ministry of information retrieval. the
	lights in the foyer are blazing behind him, the street
	lamps are lit. he is exhausted and depressed and anxious
	about the safety and whereabouts of jill. he begins to
	retrace their first journey together, down the ministry
	front steps and around the corner to where jill's truck
	was parked.
	
	
117a	  ext.						just around the
corner	night						117a
	
	sam stands in the passageway where jill's lorry was first
	parked. the only hint of its once-upon-a-time presence is
	a small splodge of oil by the kerb. sam stands lost and
	beaten under a street light. he slumps down to the
	pavement unsure his next move. the street light is
	reflected in the pool of oil. as he stares at the
	reflected light it expands and becomes a patch of blue
	cloud-filled sky. sam turns to look at the actual street
	light. it has become a crack of blazing light coming thru
	the inner wall of the great stone ship.
	
	
117b	  int.						stone shipanti-day117b
	
				dream girl's voice
			i'm here sam. don't give up.
	
	sam is pushing thru the grey prisoners. the light from the
	crack shafts across the space in which they find
	themselves imprisoned, striking the opposite wall. there
	in the bright pool of light are sam's wings - beautiful,
	shimmering silver... but, nailed to a large stone
	cruciform - like a crucified eagle. sam rushes towards
	them and begins to pull them loose, but before he can, a
	great cracking noise reverberates thru the ship and a
	black shadow falls across sam and the wings. looking round
	he saees the inner wall has split open to the level of the
	floor - but, blocking the opening is the giant samurai
	warrior. sam draws his sword and rushes toward the giant.
	the giant stands ominously still. then very slowly he
	raises his spear in front of himself in an almost
	religious gesture. poof! he vanishes! sam is confused.
	suddenly a prisoner shouts a warning and sam spins round
	just in time to avoid a slash of the spear by the gigantic
	warrior who is now standing directly behind him. sam
	parries a couple more thrusts of the spear and then
	strikes with his sword. at thin air! the giant has
	vanished again. sam can't figure it out. but he hears
	something whoosh and instinctively dodges as the giant who
	is once again behind him brings the spear crashing down.
	again sam manages a few parries as he is forced backwards.
	he trips and falls to the ground. the spear goes into the
	ground.
	
	before the giant can wrench the spear loose, sam slashes
	at him with his sword. but again the giant disappears. sam
	spins around. the giant is a short distance from him. sam
	rushes him. again he vanishes. this time he reappears next
	to the spear and tries to free it. but sam attacks again
	and the giant is forced to do his vanishing act before he
	can recover the spear. sam is becoming exasperated with
	his behaviour, and as the giant reappears he shouts at him
	to hold still, at the same time throwing his sword at the
	big fellow. the sword pins the giant's foot to the ground
	before he can disappear. instead of blood pouring from the
	wound, fire issues forth. sam takes advantage of the
	situation and manages to wrench the spear from the ground.
	the giant is unable to escape as sam charges, but manages
	to dodge a bit. however the spear catches his arm and
	opens a gash. again fire pours out. as the big guy tries
	to stop the fire, sam charges again. this time he succeeds
	in striking dead centre. the giant gasps as fire gushes
	from his chest. he staggers and crashes to the ground. the
	wounds continue to bleed fire.
	
	sam gets his breath back and approaches the fallen
	warrior. reaching down he removed the giant's mask. fire
	rushes forth from all the facial orifices. but the thing
	that makes him catch his breath is the face itself. it's
	his ... sam's! while he stares in amazement the fire
	begins to melt the face. in a moment it is unrecognizable.
	sam stands there stunned. somewhere in the distance a bell
	tolls.
	
	
