          4   ext. yussef and ahmed's house -- day
          
              hassan and abdullah's family are behind the house. hassan
              stands with the rifle in front of a rock some twenty yards
              away and he turns toward abdullah.
          
                                    hassan
                        with this rifle, your sons will be
                        able to kill plenty of jackals.
          
              he aims at the rock and pulls the trigger without holding
              the rifle properly. it is clear that he doesn't know how to
              fire a weapon, and the shot cracks loudly. the rifle kicks
              and hits him roughly in the shoulder. the bullet flies far
              wide of the rock. the women laugh nervously.
          
              rubbing his shoulder, hassan turns to abdullah.
          
                                    hassan (cont'd)
                        let one of your sons shoot.
          
              abdullah looks at his boys and points at the younger one.
          
                                    abdullah
                        let yussef shoot.
          
              when hassan is about to hand yussef the rifle, ahmed cuts
              him off, upset.
          
                                    ahmed
                        i want to shoot first.
          
              father and son exchange an angry glance. hassan, without
              realizing it, turns and gives the rifle to ahmed. the boy
              grabs the gun: it is heavier than he thought.
          
                                    hassan
                        look, load it like this.
          
              hassan opens the chamber, inserts the bullet and then closes
              it. once it is loaded, he points at the safety.
          
                                    hassan (cont'd)
                        this is the safety. push it in when
                        you're ready.
          
              ahmed nods. unsure of himself, he raises the rifle and,
              almost without aiming, fires. the shot kicks up dust far
              from the rock. his sisters laugh.
          
                                                                            3.
          
                                    hassan (cont'd)
                        if he doesn't hit the jackals, at
                        least he'll scare the shit out of
                        them.
          
              ahmed lowers the rifle. his father grabs it and gives it to
              yussef enthusiastically.
          
                                      abdullah
                        your turn.
          
              yussef grabs the rifle and loads it confidently. he lifts
              the rifle with ease and takes his time aiming. he seems
              innately skilled at the maneuver. he shoots and the bullet
              hits just below the rock.
          
              abdullah celebrates the shot and mockingly turns to hassan.
          
                                    abdullah (cont'd)
                        now this kid shoots a hell of a lot
                        better than you.
          
