          162   int. entrance to chieko's apartment -- night
          
                chieko opens the door and runs into kenji, who greets her as
                if she were just anybody.
          
                                         kenji
                            hello.
          
                she bows.
          
                                        kenji (cont'd)
                            they told me you wanted to talk to
                            me.
          
                chieko, who has been unable to read his lips, asks him with
                her hands that he speak slowly and face her. kenji is
                embarrassed by his tactlessness and tries to be more
                considerate.
          
                                        kenji (cont'd)
                            i'm sorry. is there something you
                            wanted to tell me?
          
                chieko nods and asks him in with her hand. kenji takes off
                his shoes and leaves them at the door. chieko leads him to
                the living room and with a gesture asks if he wants anything
                to drink.
          
                                        kenji (cont'd)
                            do you have tea?
          
                chieko nods and goes into the kitchen. kenji glances over
                the apartment. chieko comes back from the kitchen holding a
                strange gadget which she puts on the living room table. a
                small bulb lights. kenji just watches her.
          
                chieko gestures for him to sit down.     kenji and chieko sit
                across from each other.
          
                                                                          95.
          
                chieko takes out her notebook and pen, writes something down
                and hands it over to kenji. kenji reads, seems surprised
                and reads again slowly.
          
                                      kenji (cont'd)
                          "my father had nothing to do with my
                          mother's death," what's this?
          
                chieko is disconcerted at the question. she takes her
                notebook and starts writing. kenji reads and turns to her.
          
                                      kenji (cont'd)
                          your father was asleep when she jumped
                          off the balcony?
          
                she nods. she gets up, asks kenji to go with her and walks
                toward the balcony.
          
