          84   int. lobby, tokyo apartment building -- day
          
               chieko enters the lobby. beside the doorman are two men
               dressed in suits: kenji (31) and hamano (50). the janitor
               gestures at chieko with his chin. the men walk over toward
               her and cut her off.
          
                                       hamano
                           are you yasujiro wataya's daughter?
          
               chieko doesn't manage to read his lips. she is silent. the
               doorman notices the situation, walks out from behind his
               small desk and shouts at the men.
          
                                       doorman
                           she's deaf mute. face her when you
                           speak so she can read your lips.
          
               kenji and hamano are disconcerted. hamano stands squarely
               in front of her and speaks slowly, emphasizing every word.
          
                                       hamano
                           are-you-yasujiro-wataya's-daughter?
          
               she nods.
          
                                       hamano (cont'd)
                           we-are-sargeants-kenji-mamiya-and-
                           hamano-kanoo-of-the-tokyo-police.
                           we-need-to-find-your-father.
          
               she pulls out a pen and a piece of paper from her bag.   she
               scrawls a few lines and hands them over.
          
                                                                             50.
          
               hamano reads it and turns his face toward hers.
          
                                     hamano (cont'd)
                         no, he didn't do anything wrong. we
                         just want to talk to him. do you
                         know where he is?
          
               she shrugs her shoulders. kenji gives her his card. upon
               receiving it, chieko turns to look at him. their eyes meet
               and she looks down. she then looks up again, blushing.
          
                                     kenji
                         tell him to call us. and don't be
                         scared, we're not going to do anything
                         bad to him.
          
                                      hamano
                         thank you.
          
               chieko can't stop staring at kenji. the two cops leave.    as
               soon as they do, chieko heads toward the elevator.
          
