          127   int. hallway, nightclub -- night
          
                they enter. the music, the light, the crowd, it is almost
                hallucinatory. for chieko, it is a silent concert of movement
                and chaos.
          
                she and her friends push their way through the place. haruki
                grabs chieko by the hand, pulls her toward the floor and
                starts dancing. chieko looks at the other dancers' rhythm
                and follows. she slowly manages to follow.
          
                the other deaf-mutes also dance. some do better than others,
                lost in the sea of lights and people.
          
                for chieko, the dance turns into something hypnotic. she
                dances with her eyes closed, concentrated on her own rhythm.
          
                when she opens her eyes, she sees that mitsu, a little drunk,
                is grinding against haruki, feeling him up.
          
                chieko seems annoyed by this and goes to defend her territory.
                she starts dancing next to haruki, but she is constantly
                interrupted by the surrounding crowd.
          
                the struggle between chieko and mitsu is a little bit
                ridiculous. it is finally resolved when mitsu takes haruki
                by the face and starts to kiss him. chieko doesn't know what
                to do. mitsu and haruki start to make out intensely.
          
                suddenly chieko is left standing in the middle of the club,
                motionless, while her friends dance awkwardly and mitsu and
                haruki are having the time of their lives. chieko, defeated
                by her friend, decides to leave. mitsu spots her out of the
                corner of her eye and waves goodbye. chieko smiles back and
                walks away from her friends as they dance.
          
