          141   ext. hamlet "los lobos" -- night
          
                beer starts to flow and some of the guests get overbearing.
                there is a small scuffle at the edge of the dance floor, but
                order is soon restored.
          
                the guitarist in the band stops the music.
          
                                      guitar player
                              (all in spanish)
                          now, luis and patricia, come forward.
          
                everyone makes way for the bride and groom.
          
                                      guitar player (cont'd)
                          we-want-cake, we-want-cake...
          
                the audience and the band sing the little cake song. a giant,
                tacky wedding cake, covered in cream, arrives. the bride
                grabs the knife and gets ready to cut it.
          
                                      guitar player (cont'd)
                          take- a- bite, take- a- bite...
          
                the bride gives into the ritual. she tries to take a bite
                out of the cake without using her hands and someone pushes
                her face into the cream. debbie and mike laugh.
          
                a cowboy pulls out a gun and, festively, fires.   debbie is
                frightened and goes to hide behind amelia.
          
                                      amelia
                          don't worry, it's ok.
          
                the man puts the gun away and walks back onto the dance floor
                as if nothing had happened.
          
                                                                          80.
          
                luis asks the band to stop the music for a little bit and he
                takes the microphone.
          
                                      luis
                          good evening everyone... hey... i
                          want to say something. love came
                          today, it came here all pretty...
                              (he taps his heart)
                          it's kind of like a little mouse is
                          crawling inside of me. because that's
                          what love is, it's like your insides
                          get all twisted into knots... and
                          that, baby, is what you've taught
                          me. and because you've shown me, i
                          want to tell everyone that hopefully
                          love will get inside them
                          too...because it feels so good,
                          really...thanks a lot and keep havin'
                          a good time...
          
                everybody applauds and luis steps down from the dais, proud
                of his speech. he goes to amelia and gives her a very long
                and loving hug.
          
