          164   int. living room, chieko's apartment -- night
          
                kenji stands and looks at the photographs of yasujiro hunting
                all over the world: with a kudu in africa, a black bear in
                kamchatka, hassan and the oryx in morocco.
          
                                                                       96.
          
          chieko comes back with a cup of steaming tea.
          
                                kenji
                    does your father still hunt?
          
          she shakes her head.   she writes something and hands it over.
          
                                kenji (cont'd)
                    there was an incident with a rifle
                    in your father's name. that's why
                    we want to talk to him.
          
          the news weighs on chieko; she looks away. the sounds of
          tokyo come in through the living room: its car horns, its
          voices.
          
          suddenly a rush of wind comes in. chieko sees the balcony
          doors are open and goes to close them. she then comes back
          to the living room and sits down, dejected.
          
          kenji sits down beside her and leaves the tea on the table.
          he doesn't know what to do and looks uncomfortable.
          
          she picks up the notebook and writes.    kenji reads.
          
                                kenji (cont'd)
                    no, your father isn't going to jail.
                    we just need to talk to him.
          
          there is a long silence. chieko seems immersed in a remote,
          inaccessible world. kenji turns his face to hers so that
          she can read his lips.
          
                                kenji (cont'd)
                    i have to go now. thank you.
          
          chieko grabs his arm and shakes her head, urging him to stay.
          they exchange a look for an instant and kenji insists.
          
                                kenji (cont'd)
                    i have to go.
          
          he gets up to leave. chieko signals for him to wait for a
          moment and goes to her room.
          
          kenji stands in the middle of the room, waiting.    chieko
          comes back completely naked. her skin bristles.
          
          she walks toward him, breathing through her mouth. kenji is
          disconcerted when he sees the quiet teenager approach. she
          walks all the way up to kenji and when she is about to take
          another step, he holds her back with both hands.
          
                                kenji (cont'd)
                    what are you doing?
          
                                                                               97.
          
                she doesn't pay attention, breaks free and stands a few inches
                away from him. she is almost panting. she holds out her
                hand and caresses kenji's ear. he stands there, immobile,
                without taking his eyes off chieko's.
          
                she takes his hand and puts it on one of her breasts. kenji
                strokes her breast and then pulls his hand away. she grabs
                it again and puts it back on.
          
                                      kenji (cont'd)
                          no, no, no... this is wrong.
          
                kenji looks turned on and confused: chieko is beautiful, but
                he knows he cannot go on and takes his hand away.
          
                                         kenji (cont'd)
                          no, i can't.     you're just a girl.
          
                she walks up to his face and licks it.    he is confused.
          
                                      kenji (cont'd)
                          enough, please.
          
                he grabs her by her arms and moves her away. she grabs the
                sleeve of his jacket and pulls him back. she hugs him and
                suddenly chieko starts crying, disconsolate.
          
                kenji, bewildered, first does nothing, but upon seeing
                chieko's despair, holds her. she buries her face in his
                shoulder. her nakedness becomes increasingly fragile.
          
