          54   ext. desert road, morocco -- day
          
               the bus is in the middle of the road.
          
               several of the tourists are hiding under their seats,
               frightened. the driver, still ducking, looks toward the
               mountains to try to piece together what happened.
          
               richard holds susan against his shoulder, blood gushing from
               her neck. her eyes are open and staring at a fading world.
          
               richard takes susan from under her armpits and carefully
               lays her down on the aisle. anwar runs over to help.
          
                                     richard
                         take it easy honey, take it easy.
          
               anwar takes his shirt off - left only in his undershirt -
               and puts it under susan's neck.
          
                                     susan
                             (mumbling senselessly)
                         i'm ok... i'm ok...
          
               susan breathes in, and every time she does, blood flows from
               her wound. richard turns toward the other passengers.
          
                                     richard
                         is anybody a doctor?
          
               nobody answers.   richard starts to lose his cool.
          
                                     richard (cont'd)
                         please: a doctor.
          
               the pensioners don't answer; they are too scared. richard
               opens susan's purse and sees a cell phone. he turns it on
               and tries to call, but there is no signal. he turns to anwar.
          
                                                                            34.
          
                                     richard (cont'd)
                         where's the nearest hospital?
          
                                      anwar
                         it's far away, about four hours.
                             (a beat)
                         there's a clinic that's a little
                         closer, about an hour and a half to
                         the south. by bus it'll take us about
                         two hours and a half though.
          
                                     richard
                         does that takes away from marrakesh?
          
                                     anwar
                         yes, but it's the closest thing we've
                         got.
          
               richard runs down the aisle and gets out of the bus.
          
