          33   int. eve's -- day
          
               eve's is a restaurant full of t.v.'s, noise, video games.
               there is smoke, and people talking everywhere. chieko moves
               through the crowd. a hostess intercepts her.
          
                                     hostess
                         do you have a table?
          
               chieko doesn't manage to read her lips. the hostess, smiling,
               awaits an answer. chieko waits, expectant, for the hostess
               to repeat herself.
          
                                     hostess (cont'd)
                         do you have a table?
          
               chieko nods and points at her group of girlfriends, who are
               sitting on the barstools next to the bar.
          
               the hostess smiles another stupid smile and lets chieko by.
               further off, her friends spot her and make silly faces.
          
               chieko laughs, walks over to them. they are all dressed the
               same: short skirts, tight t-shirts. some of them have
               piercings in their nose, lips and ears. they all exude
               hormones in their silence.
          
               chieko goes to talk to them in sign language.
          
                                     chieko
                         why all the way in the corner?
          
               mitsu, with a good body, not very tall and with violet
               highlights in her hair, points at a pair of tables where a
               group of young men are drinking beer.
          
                                     mitsu
                         because of the view.
          
               chieko turns around and stares at one of them wearing a milan
               jersey. their eyes meet. chieko keeps her eyes on him, and
               the boy finally turns away.
          
                                     mitsu (cont'd)
                         do you like him?
          
               chieko nods without taking her eyes off him.
          
                                                                            23.
          
