          154   ext. santiago's car -- night
          
                amelia gets out and opens the door for the kids.
          
                                      amelia
                              (in english)
                          come with me, dears.
          
                the kids get out and amelia holds their hand.   santiago closes
                the doors and drives off in a cloud of dust.
          
                they start to walk through the darkness. amelia leads the
                way, avoiding cacti and thorny branches. the go on like
                this for a long stretch. the children are quiet and scared.
          
                amelia goes toward the highway and realizes the patrol cars
                have turned into the path. she runs into the desert with
                the kids. she can barely see with the light of the early
                dawn. the three frequently trip on thorny plants.
          
                                      debbie
                          i want to go home now.
          
                                      mike
                          me too.
          
                both of them, scared, start to cry.
          
                                      amelia
                              (in english)
                          don't cry. we're going home now.
          
                she looks back worried at where the patrol cars were; they
                are approaching quickly. then she turns to where santiago
                ran. the headlights are soon lost on the horizon.
          
                amelia holds them by the hand and pulls them as she runs.
          
                                      amelia (cont'd)
                              (in spanish)
                          let's go.
          
                                                                             87.
          
                she leads them further and further away from the path, snaking
                through the brush. the patrol cars come even closer. amelia
                ducks and hides behind one of the bushes.
          
                                         amelia (cont'd)
                          get down.
          
                the children hide with her. the patrol cars tear past her,
                some five hundred yards away, chasing after santiago.
          
                we suddenly hear sirens. then, the sound of doors slamming
                and unintelligible voices over a loudspeaker.
          
                                      police officer (o.s.)
                          do not get out of the car...don't
                          get out...wait...stop...stop...don't
                          run...
          
                after a few seconds, we hear distant gunshots, three, four.
                amelia listens, frozen.
          
