          137   ext. desert hills -- day
          
                abdullah and his sons run full speed.   yussef sees the trucks
                in the distance.
          
                                      yussef
                          the police, the police...
          
                they run up a hill to try to lose them, but shots start to
                ring out.
          
                                      yussef (cont'd)
                          they're shooting at us.
          
                abdullah stands before his sons and lifts up the rifle as a
                sign of surrender. the shots cease for a few seconds, but
                they suddenly start again.
          
                                       abdullah
                          get down.   run.
          
                the three shepherds run, huddling as low as they can. more
                shots. they desperately climb between the rocks. bullets
                whiz past everywhere.
          
                abdullah makes one last attempt at surrender. he lifts up
                the rifle again, sets it on the ground and backs away. but
                the gesture is in vain, as the bullets still rush past.
          
                they begin to run again when ahmed is hit in one of his
                calves. he collapses and rolls downhill. abdullah hurries
                to rescue him and drags him behind a rock.
          
                ahmed won't stop screaming from the pain.
          
                                      ahmed
                          they shot me, they shot me...
          
                                                                            78.
          
                yussef dives on his belly and snakes his way through the
                rocks. he gets the rifle, loads it and aims at the trucks.
          
                he shoots without hitting anything.    abdullah turns to him.
          
                                      abdullah
                          don't shoot, don't shoot!
          
                yussef doesn't pay attention.    he loads again and aims.
          
          138   p.o.v. rifle sights -- day
          
                yussef aims carefully. he picks out one of the cops who has
                been shooting barely protected by one of the trucks' fenders.
                yussef shoots and the policeman collapses.
          
