          195   int. chieko's apartment -- night
          
                chieko, naked, sits in an armchair, again submerged in the
                remote world of her silence. before her, kenji observes her
                nakedness, her sadness, her pained beauty.
          
                for a while they remain motionless. she seems to return
                from the long journey to herself and turns to look at him.
                their eyes meet. there are still tears in chieko's eyes.
                they hold each other's gaze until chieko gets up, gets her
                notebook, scribbles down some words and gives them to him.
          
                kenji reads them and looks at her.
          
                                      kenji
                          you don't have to apologize for
                          anything.
          
                she sits down beside him. they look at each other again for
                a few, long seconds. chieko takes his hand, strokes it for a
                moment, kisses it, sucks one of his fingers and then puts it
                back in its place.
          
                she grabs her notebook and starts writing a long note. it
                takes her almost a minute to do so. kenji, nervous because
                of her proximity, watches her write feverishly.
          
                chieko finishes writing, folds the note and hands it to kenji.
                kenji starts unfolding it, but chieko stops him. she takes
                it away from him, folds it again and puts it in his breast
                pocket. she signals for him to read it later.
          
                kenji gets up to go. she stands next to him. her nakedness
                contrasts with kenji's toughness. he bows his head to say
                goodbye and she moves aside for him to pass. kenji walks
                past her as she watches.
          
                kenji reaches the door. he opens it and turns to look at
                chieko again, who has been left in the middle of the hall.
                he bows his head again and leaves.
          
                chieko watches him leave and closes her eyes painfully.
          
