               int. "magik exhibit" hall - flashback

               hours earlier: the place is intact. both abe and broom witness 
               spectrally as --

               a guard checks an alarm monitoring unit. hearing a ticking 
               sound, he shines his light into a dark corner: no one's there. 
               but after the guard moves on, a spidery form emerges from 
               the pool of shadows on the floor.

               it's kroenen, encased in shiny black latex from head to toe. 
               on his chest, a close-fitting harness comprised of softly 
               ticking gears.

               he approaches a glass case which holds an ancient wooden 
               statue of an eastern orthodox saint.

               then, on the glass, a reflection: ilsa.

                                     ilsa
                         move.

               she uses her hammer to destroy the glass case.

               the alarm shrieks. warning lights come on.

               kroenen pulls out a double-ended blade. it spins, like a 
               giant bone saw, slicing across the statue.

               no apparent damage until: crackkkkk!!! a diagonal line appears 
               and the top half falls.

               kroenen reaches for a small crank embedded in his chest and 
               winds himself up.

               ilsa reaches into a hollow portion in the wooden statue and 
               removes a large reliquary jar containing golden sand.

               six guards hurry in. they point their flashlights and guns 
               at kroenen.

                                     guard 1
                         you! don't move! hands up!

               kroenen starts shaking, as if in a seizure and readies two 
               twin blades.

               bullet tears into kroenen's arm, spewing forth an explosion 
               of dust. he turns. the guards shoot again. kroenen maneuvers 
               the steel, deflecting the bullets which --

               -- ricochet wildly -- and finally hit three of the guards. 
               they fall silently to the floor.

               kroenen dispatches two more in a flurry of knives.

               the last guard raises his gun.

                                     guard 6
                         don't --

               something is clearly stopping him. his hand breaks, twisted 
               by an unseen force!!

               the flesh on his neck pushes upwards, held by an invisible 
               force. he starts floating in mid-air.

               the blinking lights of arriving police cars tint the windows 
               red and amber. they outline a figure formerly submerged in 
               shadows. grigory. he gestures with both hands, as if holding 
               an imaginary doll.

               his arm muscles twitch under his skin, shifting, changing, 
               gaining strength.

               with a quick gesture grigory twists the lower and upper parts 
               of the guard's body in opposite directions.

               with a wet crunch, the guard's shadow on the wall goes limp. 
               grigory looks at ilsa.

                                     grigory
                         ready the welcome, my love --

               ilsa opens the reliquary jar and pours a circle of sand onto 
               the floor.

                                     grigory
                         salt. gathered from the tears of a 
                         thousand martyrs. restraining the 
                         essence of sammael, the hell hound, 
                         the seed of destruction.

               grigory slices the air with his open hand, creating fleeting 
               glyphs... and a small black flame dances on his open palm. 
               he deposits it in mid-air, at the center of the circle.

               then, the sand begins to move, like liquid mercury. lines 
               fuse into a pile. it melts and bubbles, growing and foaming. 
               bones are formed, tendons and ligaments join together, 
               growing, growing, into sammael.

               it roars!!!

                                                                    cut to:

               omit

