               int. subway platform station - day

               a subway platform. full of people.

               the two fighting creatures land on the ticket booth -- in an 
               explosion of coins, glass and steel!!! some bold new yorker 
               in the crowd start picking up handfuls of change.

               the dust clears, revealing a large crater in the platform 
               floor.

               sammael hits hellboy. the red giant lands on a line of 
               turnstiles, uprooting them all.

               sammael flies through the air, unfolds its bone scythe. 
               hellboy rolls away. sammael misses: the tip imbeds itself in 
               the floor and then -- tchakkk!!! -- in a concrete column. 
               sammael pulls, bringing down part of the ceiling. more screams 
               from the fleeing public.

               a mezzanine above hellboy collapses, bringing the ceiling, 
               steel cables and office furniture down onto the red giant.

               sammael takes a step towards the crowd and roars --

               then, bammmmmm!!! a desk flies up into the air. hellboy's 
               stone hand emerges, triumphant.

                                     hellboy
                         hey, chunk-face!

               he climbs out of the crater. sammael growls.

                                     hellboy
                         you can do better than that. big 
                         monster like you.

               hellboy rips off one of the turnstile bars and hits sammael 
               again and again.

                                     hellboy
                         see? it hurts! you shouldn't hit 
                         people!

               sammael blocks the last hit and throws the bar away. it embeds 
               itself in the tile wall.

               sammael punches hellboy, a hard uppercut.

               hellboy flies up, crashing through the plate glass of a second  
               mezzanine above the platform. he skids on the tile floor, 
               scraping a jagged line with his stone hand.

               he slides past a group of bystanders and into a row of backlit 
               subway ads. he lands in a shower of glass and debris on a 
               wooden bench, breaking it in two.

               sammael climbs up into the mezzanine.

               hellboy gets up -- his back bristling with glass shards -- 
               and hears a wail: a young girl is pointing at a box of kittens 
               abandoned on a bench.

                                     yound girl
                         my kittens!! my kittens!!!

                                     hellboy
                         aw, crap.

               sammael charges!!! hellboy scoops up the box, holds it high!! 
               using his bone blade, sammael pulverizes the bench.

               next, sammael slashes at hellboy, scattering a dozen shrieking 
               citizens.

               illuminated by sparks and shorting lamps, hellboy advances, 
               blood dripping from his forehead and nose.

               hellboy starts to reload, but -- sammael's tongue shoots 
               out. hellboy throws the kitten box in the air and -- traps 
               the tongue with his stone hand --

                                     hellboy
                         second date. no tongue!!

               -- while catching the box with his tail. the kittens are 
               fine.

               using the tongue, he throws sammael out a glass window.

               sammael dangles above the tracks, but he re-joints himself 
               and grabs a handhold on the train wall above the tunnel. 
               from here, he pulls on hellboy, sliding him toward the jagged 
               glass.

               sammael pulls harder, enters the tunnel.

               hellboy fights to free himself, but his sweaty face is 
               millimeters away from being sliced by the glass. all seems 
               lost, when...

               whaaaaa!!!!!! a train appears out of nowhere heading straight 
               for sammael.

               it splatters the thing against the tunnel wall and plows on. 
               sammael's body sprawls motionless at the side of the tracks.

               omit

