46	ext. hotel grounds - day

	tyrell looks across the grounds and sees, at the far end of the tennis
	court,

	titus's pool supply cart

	half-obscured by the heavy fooliage surrounding the court.

	tyrell walks away from will toward the cart. he hears the jam-box on
	the cart playing "trenchtown rock" by bob marley..."one good thing
	about music...when it hits you feel no pain..."

46a	ext. hotel tennis court - day

	the open door of the entrance clangs against the fence in the wind.
	tyrell decides to cut through the court to the far entrance and the
	cart.

46b	int. hotel tennis court - day

	tyrell walks across the court to the sagging net.

	there is a rustling in the foliage around the court. something moving
	fast and quietly.

					tyrell
				(calling out)
			hey, bong marley. come here.

	the door slams shut behind him.

	tyrell looks back at the door. the latch seems to have stuck and it's
	no longer swinging.

	tyrell turns back toward the other door and sees

	the pit bull

	standing in the doorway. tyrell stares at the dog. the dog growls at
	tyrell, low and menacing.

					tyrell
			i'm gonna kill you, bong boy.

	simultaneously, tyrell turns and the dog lunges forward.

	tyrell sprints to the door -- it's locked by a length of metal slipped
	into the coupling.

	he turns to see the dog bounding at him --

	tyrell leaps up the fence just as the pit bull lunges for him. the dog
	catches his pant leg. tyrell kicks him away and frantically scrambles
	up.

	the dog relentlessly barks and snaps as tyrell climbs the fence.

	will

	looks in at the dog angrily charging the chain-link. he looks up at
	tyrell.

					will
			come on. jump. i've got you.

	he reaches out to try and catch tyrell.

	on the fence

	tyrell finally looses his grip and falls back, landing on top of will.
	he rolls quickly to his feet.

					tyrell
			thanks.
				(furious)
			i gotta find me a pool boy.

									cut to:

