107	int. house - day

	julie lets herself into the house. she leans her bike against another
	bike in the hallway.

	it's a perfect day. birds chirping. wind in the willows. there's
	another noise...from inside her house.

	she goes perfectly still. and listens. behind her, by the kitchen, the
	shadow of a figure moves. she whirls.

	nothing

	she creeps down the hallway toward her kitchen. she pauses --

	the dark figure almost knocks into her. she screams.

	it's ray. he's holding a disemboweled toaster.

					julie
			ray...what are you doing?

					ray
				(toaster)
			oh...it's not working right.
			you're home early.
				(sees she's shaken)
			did i scare you?

					julie
			never do that again.

					ray
				(tender)
			hey -- i didn't know you were here.
			it's okay.
				(beat)
			we got the refrigerator in. come
			see.

	she sees the love in his eyes. she hugs him.

					julie
			i love it here.

					ray
			it's gonna be great.

									dissolve to:

107a	int. stairway - night

	julie climbs to the top of the stairs. she passes ray in the bathroom.
	she pauses in the doorway --

107b	int. bathroom - continuous

	ray is at the sink in boxer shorts. he's using an electric waterpic
	devicice that has just been opened, a gift from the party. it makes a
	low whirring sound.

					ray
				(seeing her)
			checking the locks again?

					julie
			you know me to well.

	julie smile and walks to the bedroom.

									cut to:

107c	int. bedroom - continuous

	julie climbs into bed with a book. the bedroom is clean and orderly.
	the windows are closed. the closet door is shut.

	the room is decorated simply: a high antique bed; unopened boxes; a
	highboy; an antique mirror leaning against the wall. a stuffed bear
	sits in a chair.

	there is a clatter from another room. julie freezes. she waits. she
	hears it again. she climbs out of bed.

									cut to:

107d	int. second bedroom - night

	julie walks into the dark spare bedroom. the clattering sound comes
	from the open window. the wind is blowing the blinds.

	julie relaxes. she shuts the window. as she leaves the room, we notice
	the dirty imprint of a boot below the window.

107e	int. bathroom - night

	julie passes ray who is still absorbed with the new toy.

	behind him, the door softly closes. the lock twists. ray is oblivious,
	happy being the dental-hygene pacesetter of the household.

107f	int. master bedroom - night

	julie enters the room. she looks at the closet door. it is open a
	crack. she hesitates, trying to remember if it was open before -- it
	wasn't.

	julie approaches the closet. she catches her refelction in the mirror
	next to the closet. she peers into the crack of the closet. she can't
	see anything. she throws open the closet door.

	nothing

	she looks around the room.

					julie
			what is my problem?

	she sits down on the bed.

	we see her bare feet from under the bed.

	she smiles, relaxes. she looks in the mirror leaning against the wall.
	something has caught her eye. she freezes. she turns slowly back to
	the reflection in the mirror. she sees the glint of steel --

	a hook -- crash zoom into reflection --

	the fisherman crouching under her bed

	julie turns too late --

	the fisherman lunges out and grabs her legs. julie screams. she goes
	down --

	her nails scrape into the wooden floor as she is dragged under the
	bed.

									cut to black:

