26      int. vogon ship corridor.                                     26

        a bleak corridor. the vogon guard pushes a still
        struggling arthur and ford down it.

                          guide voice
                  it feeds on brainwave energy, absorbing
                  unconscious frequencies and excreting
                  a matrix of conscious frequencies to the
                  speech centres of the brain, the practical
                  upshot of which is that if you stick one in
                  your ear, you instantly understand anything
                  said to you in any language.

        arthur continues to struggle, until he passes a portal
        window. he backs up to look out.

                          guide voice (cont'd)
                  now, it is such a bizarrely improbable
                  thing that anything so mind-bogglingly
                  useful could have evolved in the universe
                  purely by chance that many thinkers have
                  chosen to see this as a final clinching
                  proof of the non-existence of god.

26a     arthur's pov -- of space through the window, beautiful        26a
        purple-orange clouds of swirling stars and gasses.

                          guide voice (cont'd)
                  the argument goes something like this...
                  "i refuse to prove that i exist," says
                  god, "for proof denies faith, and without
                  faith i am nothing."

                                                        (continued)

2                                                              21.
                         hhgg 3rd revised draft 8/8/03


    6a   continued:                                                        26a

         it's finally sinking in -- he's in deep space.

                              guide voice (cont'd)
                      "but," says man, "the babelfish is a dead
                      give-away. it proves you exist, and so
                      therefore you don't. qed." "oh dear," says
                      god, "i hadn't thought of that," and
                      promptly vanishes in a puff of logic.

         the guard yanks arthur away, pushes him forward with ford.

                              guide voice (cont'd)
                      most leading theologians claim that this
                      argument is a load of dingo's kidneys but
                      that didn't stop oolon colluphid from making
                      a small fortune when he used it as the
                      central theme of his best-selling book,
                      'well that about wraps it up for god.'

         arthur looks lost and confused. they approach a set of
         double doors. he stops. the guard shoves him forward.

                              vogon guard
                      resistance is useless!

                                arthur
                      ford...

                              ford
                      don't panic. if we're lucky, they'll
                      throw us out into space.

                              arthur
                      and if we're unlucky?

         off ford's apprehensive look we cut to...

