30      ext. deep space -- continuous                                   30

        ford and arthur spin away from the ship, holding their
        breath. the guide slips out of arthur's pocket.

                             guide voice
                     "space..." says the introduction to the
                     hitchhikers guide, "...is big. really big.
                     you just won't believe how vastly, hugely
                     mind-bogglingly big it is. i mean, you
                     may think it's a long way down the road to
                     the market, but that's just peanuts
                     compared to space..." and so on.

        the weightless guide twirls away.    arthur reaches for it.
        the words "don't panic" alight.

                             guide voice (cont'd)
                     it also says that if you hold a lung full
                     of air you can survive in the total vacuum
                     of space for about thirty seconds -- but
                     with space being really big and all, the
                     chances of being picked up within that
                     time are 2 to the power of 2076775949 to 1
                     against...


                                                         (continued)

3                                                              25.
                       hhgg 3rd revised draft 8/8/03


    0   continued:                                                       30

        something else falls out of his pocket -- his digital
        phone with the photo of he and tricia at the fancy dress
        party.

                             guide voice (cont'd)
                     ...which, by a staggering coincidence, is
                     also the telephone number of the islington
                     flat where arthur once went to a fancy
                     dress party and met a very nice girl whom
                     he totally failed to connect with.

        he reaches for the phone, it's just beyond his fingertips.
        his eyes widen with fret as the phone tumbles away.

30a     then -- woomph -- space seems to stretch and bend. a tiny        30a
        hole appears, then opens wide. paper hats and party
        balloons fall out, then drift away. the hole flips inside
        out. arthur and ford are enveloped, then replaced by a
        stunning, sleek starship, the heart of gold.

                             female voice (trillian)
                     two to the power of one hundred thousand
                     to one against and falling...

                                                               cut to:

