74      int. prisoner processing building/main room - continuous        74

        a, f & z enter the double doors, then stop short.
        stunned.

        their p.o.v. - a typical government pick-a-number and
        wait sort of room. bland. bad lighting. numbered
        windows. it's packed with all manner of species.

                             arthur
                     leave this to me. i'm british.
                        (with gusto)
                     i know how to queue.

        he confidently takes a number and gets in line with the
        several hundred others -- feeling very much at home.

(                                                                 68.
                         hhgg 3rd revised draft 8/8/03


    72 cont)int. prisoner processing bldg./interrogation room -    (72 cont)

            trillian sits at the officer's desk, arms folded, defiant.

                               trillian
                       i don't believe you. this is some sort of
                       trick. zaphod wouldn't blow up a planet,
                       especially mine.

            kwaltz now steps forward and extends a piece of paper.

                               kwaltz
                       these are the orders.

            trillian takes the paper, runs her finger down to the
            signature line where it reads "love and kisses, zaphod!"

                               trillian
                       love and kisses...?

            she hands the paper back, swallowing emotion.

                               kwaltz
                       now -- according to section 8, sub-section
                       34 dash a, the punishment for kidnapping
                       is a recitation of the classic poem, "ode
                       to the removal of your left kidney."
                       unless -- said kidnapping is of the
                       president, in which case you are to be fed
                       to the ravenous bugblatter beast of traal.
                       we thank you for your cooperation.

            a door is opened revealing a room with a large steel box.
            a huge, angry eye stares out of a tiny barred window.

            the box shakes like crazy. trillian gulps.

(74 cont) int. prisoner processing building/main room - continuous (74 cont)

            zaphod is in line with arthur and ford.     he looks up to:

            a presidential photograph -- of himself, in suit and tie,
            smiling broadly. he lowers his thinking cap.

                               female vogon processor
                       next!

            arthur steps up, followed by ford and zaphod who keeps
            his head low and bowed.

                               arthur
                       yes. hi. we're here about getting a
                       prisoner released?

                               female vogon processor
                       prisoner release form?

            she holds out her hand. arthur doesn't have a form.
            annoyed, she points across the room to a wall that is
            nothing but shelves holding forms.


                                                           (continued)

                                                               69.
                        hhgg 3rd revised draft 8/8/03


(74 cont)continued:                                                  (74 cont)

                           arthur
                  right. once i've filled it out can i
                  return to the front of the line, seeing as
                  i've already waited...

                              female vogon processor
                  no.     next!

        arthur sighs, frustrated. all three of them walk to the
        shelves holding the forms. arthur turns to zaphod.

                           arthur
                  can't you do something?!     you're
                  president, aren't you?

                           zaphod
                  you want me to make a speech, shake a
                  hand? that's what i do -- i think. it's
                  all a little fuzzy.

        arthur angrily fills out the form.

        moments later--

        arthur is back in line, having waited a long time. he
        finally gets to the window, hands the green form to the
        vogon processor. she types into her computer, then checks
        the screen.

                          female vogon processor
                  this prisoner is being detained for...
                     (reading)
                  kidnapping the president. not eligible for
                  release at this time. you can make an
                  appointment for a later date or take a
                  number and wait.

        arthur's breathing quickens.     he can't take this.

                          arthur
                  alright, look.
                      (yanks thinking cap and
                       sunglasses off zaphod)
                  this is the president.

        she looks at zaphod, then back to the large portrait of
        zaphod, then back to zaphod. she nods. okay...

                              arthur   (cont'd)
                      he says the whole kidnapping thing was a
                      terrible misunderstanding, she didn't mean
                      anything by it and he's ordering you to
                      let her go.

                              female vogon processor
                         (holding up green form)
                      but this isn't a presidential release of
                      prisoner form. those are blue.

        she points to the wall of forms. arthur sighs.

(                                                                  70.
                          hhgg 3rd revised draft 8/8/03


    72 cont) quick cut back to trillian --                                (72 cont)

            trillian is lowered into the bugblatter beast box/cage.
            we cannot see the beast but it's screams of hunger are
            scaring the hell out of trillian.

(74 cont) back to arthur --                                               (74 cont)

            ...who returns, practically shoving zaphod forward.
            zaphod hands the vogon processor the blue form.

                                 female vogon processor (cont'd)
                       okay...

            she reviews the form, stamps it, pulls off the carbon
            copy underneath, hands that to zaphod.

                               vogon processor
                       go to the prisoner release lobby, out the
                       door, right, left, 2nd door on the right.

(72 cont) back with trillian --                                           (72 cont)

            as she braces herself to be eaten by the monster.
            suddenly, a couple of vogon guards enter and hand kwaltz
            a blue piece of paper. he reviews it, then signs it.

                               kwaltz
                       you're free to go.    release her.

            the vogon guard pulls trillian up and out of the box on a
            cable. the bugblatter beast goes berserk.

                               questular
                       what!?
                           (yanking blue paper away,
                            reading)
                       he's here?! zaphod is here!? let's go
                       get him!

            but the guard is already escorting trillian out of the
            room. kwaltz is completing paperwork.

                               questular (cont'd)
                       commander?

            kwaltz holds up a walrusy hand, one finger raised,
            silencing questular while he continues. questular sighs.

            we hear the bugblatter beast weeping as the doors are
            closed on him.
                                                              cut to:

