19      int. vogon constructor ship bridge. -- continuous             19

        jeltz turns.   he's large, green and walrusy.

                            jeltz
                    apathetic bloody planet, i've no sympathy
                    at all. energize the demolition beams.

        one of his walrusy first officers pushes a yellow button.

20      big shot.   from space.    looking down on earth              20

        as all the vogon ships simultaneously send down a beam of
        yellow light. glowing fireballs travel down the beams
        toward earth. on impact, they bore into the surface.

                            jeltz (o.s.)
                    detonate.


                                                        (continued)

2                                                            14.
                        hhgg 3rd revised draft 8/8/03


    0   continued:                                                  20

        like a giant casino going down in vegas, there are a few
        small explosions amd the earth implodes. just collapses
        in on itself. gone.

        the vogon ships slowly retreat in formation, leaving
        nothing but darkness and stars.

21      then a distant red glow appears. as it gets nearer we       21
        see that it says..."the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy."

                             guide voice
                     the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy is a
                     wholly remarkable book...

        the title draws nearer. we see that it sits on an
        electronic book with lots of buttons.

                             guide voice (cont'd)
                     ...perhaps the most remarkable, certainly
                     the most successful book ever to come out
                     of the great publishing corporations of
                     ursa minor.

        the book opens revealing two screens. images appear. a
        star map, layers of data, captions, video, animations...

                             guide voice (cont'd)
                     more popular than the celestial home care
                     omnibus, better selling than 53 more
                     things to do in zero gravity, and more
                     controversial than oolon colluphid's
                     trilogy of philosophical blockbusters,
                     where god went wrong, some more of god's
                     greatest mistakes, and who is this god
                     person, anyway?

        now the images rise up from the screen like holographs as
        the book "presents itself" like some hi-tech infomercial.

                             guide voice (cont'd)
                     in many of the more relaxed civilizations
                     on the outer eastern rim of the galaxy,
                     the hitchhiker's guide has already
                     supplanted the great encyclopedia
                     galactica as the standard repository of
                     all knowledge and wisdom. for though it
                     has many omissions, and contains much
                     which is apocryphal, or at least wildly
                     inaccurate, it scores over the older, more
                     pedestrian work in two important respects.
                     first, it is slightly cheaper. and second,
                     it has the words "don't panic" printed in
                     large friendly letters on its cover.

        the book closes. the words "don't panic" appear just
        below the title, blinking like a tacky diner marquee.

        pull back from the guide to find arthur holding it, the
        blinking light illuminating his very disoriented face.

2                                                              15.
                       hhgg 3rd revised draft 8/8/03


