     ext. roof of train/tunnel - day

     phelps, nearing the back, manoeuvers himself to the 
     windshield of the rear power car, trying to grab the skid of 
     krieger's copter. 

     he doesn't see what's headed toward him, coming from the 
     other direction. 

     another train. 

     at the last moment, phelps notices the reflection of the 
     oncoming train in the windshield and swings back onto the 
     roof of his train, barely avoiding getting creamed by it as 
     it blows by. 

     the helicopter avoids the oncoming train too -- and phelps 
     misses the skid.  

     krieger tips the front of the copter, trying to decapitate 
     ethan with the rotor.  phelps jumps onto the skid, but the 
     copter pitches so far forward the blade hits the top of the 
     tunnel.  sparks and chunks of cement fly.  

     krieger levels the chopper quickly.  ethan uses the moment to 
     leap from the train onto the other helicopter skid. 

     phelps and ethan now hang on the skids, facing one another. 
     crouching on the skid, ethan digs in his pocket and pulls 
     out -- 

     -- a red and green piece of bubble gum. 

     phelps sees it and screams at krieger, who scrambles 
     frantically for his gun. 

                          ethan 
                red light, green light.  asta lasagna 
                mother fucker. 

     ethan mashes the red into the green, slaps the gum onto the 
     copter's underbelly and turns away from it. 

     phelps kicks vainly at the gum, screaming -- 

     -- but the gum explodes.  the force of the blast rockets 
     ethan forward, he lands on the train's windshield. 

     the helicopter whirls and bashes into the tunnel, veers 
     wildly, then pitches forward and down, smashing phelps under 
     the skid and exploding in a giant fireball. 

     ethan, stuck on the windshield, can only watch as the 
     wreckage of the copter tumbles down the train towards him. 
     it stops just short of him, with its bent and broken rotor 
     blade barely missing his throat.  

     ethan lays his head against the windshield glass, utterly 
     drained. 

