     int. the denied area/elevator bank - night

     the senator (let's just call him ethan) and sarah come down 
     the stairs and pass a sign that says "denied area -- 
     political attaches only."  ethan checks his watch.  23:00. 

     he nods to sarah, they round a corner, and come to an 
     elevator at the end of the corridor.  a sign in front of it 
     says "out of order."  they head for it anyway. 

     a marine guard appears from behind a side door, catching them 
     by surprise.  

                          jack 
                governor's in position.  we have the elevator. 

                          guard 
                excuse me, can i help you? 

                          sarah 
                -- which leads directly to the denied 
                area, the only limited access area in the 
                whole facility. 

     sarah flashes an id at the guard and keeps talking. 

                          sarah (cont'd) 
                as you can see. this area has both a 
                marine guard and video surveillance, and 
                is strictly monitored at all times. 

     she walks up to the thumbprint analyzer on the elevator bank 
     and slides her thumb inside.  the panel lights up and flashes 
     a message -- "access denied."  sarah and ethan trade a look. 

                          sarah (cont'd)
                     (covering) 
                senator, don't you have a young man on 
                your staff named jack? 

     she tries the thumb again, still no soap. 

                          ethan 
                jack?  i believe we did have a young man 
                named jack.  not a reliable man, as i 
                recall.  constantly late or behind in his 
                work. 

     now the guard, noticing that sarah's not being allowed 
     access, comes closer to them. 

                          guard 
                excuse me, let me see that id again! 

