ext. forest - widen angle - night
10
the african men fan out.  it gets quiet fast.  strasser
and garth swing rifles down from their shoulders as they
stalk.  proficient hunting machines.
extreme closeup - strasser
his predator's eyes scanning the moonlit green tapestry.
one more step -- then a dry pok-pok-pok sound erupts from
the bushes.  the dogs bark madly -- clappers ringing.
(continued)
7.
10
continued:
10
trees shake furiously.
strasser spins to see several gorillas, darting from the
trees, a blur of black shapes trying to escape up the
mountain.
close on one female
the same one ruth watched earlier.  joe clings tightly
to her back, his eyes wide with fear.
joe's pov
a nightmarish collage of images accompanied by the
clanging of the dogs' collars, the charge of the african
poachers, the screams of the mother and the other
gorillas.  then he sees strasser run forward, raise his
rifle with icy precision.
through scope
strasser has joe's mother dead on.  her head in the
cross-hairs as she tries to get away.  the mother's raspy
animal scream is unmistakably maternal, heart-breaking.
it echoes across the mountain as she tries to reach a
deep stretch of woods.
on her back, joe turns once more to look back and sees ! --
extreme closeup - strasser's trigger finger
squeezing gently, the explosion of the shot rattles the
forest.
the mother's scream is cut off sharply.
on joe
we see joe thrown through frame, tumbling into the high
grass.
then, silence.
strasser and garth
crash through the dense foliage to retrieve the body.
the dogs snapping behind.  clang-clang-clang.
(continued)
8.
10
continued:  (2)
10
garth
(shouting)
get the baby!
strasser
(shouting)
don't shoot it!  they want the
babies alive!!  bring the sack!
close on joe
he screams wildly, darts back and forth, desperately
looking for his mother.
joe's pov
through the tall grass in the b.g., he can see the
africans disappear up the hill hunting down the others.
back to scene
and then we see joe's anguish turn to fury.  he growls --
and as the two big hunters come nearer -- joe springs out
at them.
joe is moving so fast, strasser barely has time to react
before the furry black shape is on top of him -- widen
as joe attacks strasser, knocking him back.  strasser
shouts and drops his rifle.  tries to pull joe off as
they tumble down through the trees.  strasser punches
and pulls at this ball of sinew and muscle.  he reaches
for his match master side arm with his right hand.  punch
in close as joe bites down viciously through the hand.
strasser howls...
angle on garth
he has retrieved his rifle and is charging hard for his
downed companion.  he looks for a clear shot at joe.  pan
right and rack focus as ruth young explodes from the
trees and flashes past strasser, snatching joe away.  joe
is not quite sure what has happened, but he hangs on to
ruth for dear life.
strasser staggers forward, holding his mangled hand.
enraged.
he rips garth's gun away from him and with his bloodied
hand, finds a way to pull the trigger.  shots rip through
bark but ruth disappears into the trees like a spirit.
9.
11
