ext. amusement park - near carnival games
126
jill moves through the maze of carnival games.  she spots
joe, moving through the small buildings, clearly
disoriented.  she yells out...
jill
joe!  joe!!
but above the tumult, he can't hear her.  jill pushes her
way towards him, when she comes face to face with...
strasser.  just yards away.  he flashes his sickening
smile, raises his gun...
on jill -- a look of terror crossing her face as she
realizes she's about to die.  then, as a shadow passes
over her, her expression of terror melts away.
on strasser -- seeing jill's expression, his smile fades.
why's she so calm all of a sudden?  he doesn't even need
to turn around to know that:
joe is behind him.  as strasser turns slowly around, joe
reaches down swiftly and hoists strasser off the ground.
the gun goes off, barely missing joe.  joe roars and
crushes strasser's left hand in his paw, a bone-crunching,
slow squeeze that makes strasser scream in agony.
then joe swings strasser around and grabs him around the
chest with his right paw.  he pulls him close to his face
and blasts a deafening roar into his face.  joe cocks his
arm and heaves strasser with mighty force into the air.
screaming, strasser hurtles through space with incredible
speed, crashing right through the flaming signage of the
"big safari" booth, sending out a shower of sparks...
... and continues flying through the air until whack!  he
hangs up on a power line.
strasser slips down, catching his fall with his fake hand.
this section of the line is safe, but directly below it is
a cluster of electrical junction boxes.  cracked and
blistered by the heat of the nearby fire, they are sparking
dangerously ! -- to fall on to them would mean certain
electrocution.
(continued)
112.
126
continued:
126
strasser's bad hand begins to slip from the wire.
desperate, he reaches up with his left hand to grab on ! --
only to remember that this hand has just been crushed
by joe, and is useless to him now.
strasser helplessly watches as his prosthetic comes
unclasped from his hand and he slips the last, fatal
fraction of an inch.
strasser falls onto the junction boxes, which explode in
a shower of sparks.  strasser sizzles and dies, while above
him, the prosthesis still swings on the wire.
127
