ext. rivendell forest - day

wide: arwen - escorted by a small entourage of elves - rides
through the gathering darkness of a pine forest ...

                     elrond v/0
          take her by the safest road. a ship lies
          anchored in the grey havens. it waits to
          carry her across the sea . . . the last
          journey of arwen undomiel.

slow motion: as arwen rides through the forest the figure of
a small boy of about 5 suddenly runs across the path in front
of her.

arwen reigns in asfaloth ... something about the boy
intrigues her.- but she does not know why . . .
                                                     (continued)

                                      final revision - october, 2003 24.
continued:


as arwen watches the boy moves away, the trees begin to thin
. . . the boy continues running. one by one the trees transform
into tall white pillars ...

arwen's pov: the boy now stands within a vision of the
majestic architecture of the great gondorian city of minas
tirith.

a silhouetted figure appears in the distance and moves
towards the child . . . the boy runs to the figure.

arwen watches as the figure holds out its arms - swinging the
laughing child into the air . . .

the figure turns to reveal ... aragorn, a little older,
dressed in the casual finery of a gondorian noble.

close on: the'child, now in aragorn's arms looks directly at
arwen . . . it is a quiet look filled with infinite sadness.

arwen's eyes drop to the child's chest . . . around the child's
neck hangs the evenstar . . .

close on: arwen as she realizes she is staring at a future
that can never be, the child she and aragorn will never have.

insert: elrond speaking to his daughter . . .

                     elrond v/0 (cont'd)
           arwen, there is nothing for you here ...
           only death.

arwen shuts her eyes ... when she opens them again the vision
is gone . . . she is staring at dark trees once more.

                     elf escort o.s.
           lady arwen?

arwen turns towards her companion who stares at her,
concerned.

                     elf escort
           we cannot delay.

sudd enly: arwen wheels asfal oth ar ound . . .   riding away.
                                                         (c o n ti n u ed )

                                     final revision - october, 2003 25.
continued: (2)


                      elf escort (cont'd)
               (calling)
          my lady!

