int.  ambassador hotel - ballroom - day

the cavernous ballroom is a startling testament to the decay
of the world since the end.

splendid wallpaper hangs in rotting shreds, heaps of trash
pollute the corners, water trickles down from the
disintegrating roof far above and splashes to the wooden
dance floor.

thick, tattered drapes keep out the sunlight.

he shines his machine gun light around quickly.  nothing
useful here.

he is about to leave the ballroom when one of the heaps of
garbage shifts --

he spins around -- dropping the bottle of creme de menthe --
every nerve instantly tensed -- his gun ready.

he steps cautiously toward the garbage.

it is not garbage at all.

it is two humanoid forms, huddled together, sleeping.  from
neville's machine gun light we see that they are wrapped in
rags and old clothing.  sheathed like arab bedouin tribesmen.

neville steps back and raises his machine gun.  without a
moment's hesitation he fires -- a terrific explosion of
firepower -- deafening echoes cascade in the cavernous
ballroom -- the flashes from the machine gun illuminate the
things in a violent strobe as they writhe from the shots.

the devastating burst from his machine gun also illuminates
neville's face:  stoic, business as usual.

the things are finally dead.

a sound behind neville -- he spins -- a frenzy of violence --
something is slashing -- at him -- toward him -- on him -- a
flash of jagged claws, fingernails like talons -- primal
snarl -- teeth like fangs --

neville fires -- too late -- the thing smashes into him --
the gun goes flying -- neville falls -- the thing is on him,
impotently slashing at his kevlar body suit -- neville kicks
the thing away -- it slams to a wall -- in the refracting
light from the machine gun we sense that it is humanoid, very
tall and impossibly fast -- neville barely has time to pull
his sidearm before the thing bounces up and is on him
again --

neville strikes forward with his pistol and fires directly
into the thing as it slashes at him -- the thing goes flying
back -- neville continues to fire -- panic --

neville empties the pistol into the thing and keeps pulling
the trigger -- click, click, click, click, click.

it is finally dead.

neville immediately snatches up his machine gun and spins
around -- he fires -- blasting the tattered curtains and
windows to bits -- sunlight suddenly spills into the room.

he spins back and scans the ballroom in the sunlight.  no
more creatures.  thank god.

a tense beat.

then he sits, sliding down a wall, his legs almost giving way
under him.

he pants for air and wipes sweat from his face, unnerved by
the unexpected encounter.

he reaches to one of the pouches of his body suit and tears
open the velcro flap.  he reaches into the pouch and
withdraws a thin metal tube.  his hands are shaking a bit.
he unscrews the top of the metal tube and slides out... a
cigar.

he lights the cigar with a zippo.

he smokes the cigar, trying to calm himself as he gazes at
the dead creatures.

