int./ ext.  hummer - streets - night

neville races for home.

even with his headlights the absolute darkness makes driving
extremely treacherous.  he takes familiar routes but the
black city is dangerous.  he slams off of cars and uses his
hummer like a battering ram as he jams his foot down on the
gas pedal.  blood is beginning to pool on the floorboards
from his ankle wound.

his headlights briefly illuminate the eyes of another pack of
feral dogs as he zooms past.

behind him, in the cargo area, is the unconscious hemocyte.
neville has bound it tightly with wire cable.

he spins around a corner and slams on the brakes.  the hummer
slides to an abrupt stop.

hemocytes are everywhere on this street.  as one they turn
and stare at the hummer -- the headlights are strong on the
vehicle so they shield their eyes -- we see wildly dilating
and expanding pupils -- the barbarous keening begins --

neville shoves the hummer into reverse and races back wildly
-- too fast -- he slams into some wreckage -- the hemocytes
are swarming toward him -- neville jams the hummer into gear
again and quickly swerves forward into a tight alley -- too
tight --

the hummer slams into the alley walls -- slashing off the
side mirrors and sending sparks flying --

hemocytes are now speeding around the corner of the alley
after him -- and the end of the alley is blocked!  an
abandoned garbage truck is wedged in the end of the alley --
totally blocking the way out -- he is trapped.

neville slams the hummer to a stop -- there is a sudden
frenzy of movement from right behind him in the hummer -- the
captured hemocyte is awake.

it writhes against the wire restraints and its jaw snaps
compulsively -- like a mako shark trapped in an elevator, it
wriggles and snaps -- now on its knees -- trying to get to
him with horrific strength and violence --

neville slams the hummer into reverse and floors it --
straight back at the pursuing hemocytes -- the hemocyte in
the cargo area catapults forward -- into the front passenger
area -- snapping at neville's head -- he punches at it
blindly with one arm as he roars backwards down the alley --
now truly smashing off walls in his desperate backwards
race --

he slams into dozens of hemocytes -- sending them flying or
grinding them under the hummer -- others are faster and leap
out of the way, strange superhuman leaps --

he spins the hummer out of the alley and floors it down the
street --

the snarling thing beside him in the hummer is in a frenzy --
jaws flashing -- he punches at it -- it sinks its teeth into
the forearm of his body suit --

but the kevlar armor protects him -- he doesn't feel the
teeth but the power of the jaws is incredible --

hemocytes on the outside are now leaping for the hummer as it
barrels through them -- three manage to cling onto the
vehicle -- two are on the hood, scratching and pounding at
the front windshield, blocking neville's view -- the other
clings to the driver's door and slams at the window --

neville yanks his arm free from the hemocyte beside him and
quickly pulls his pistol -- he swings it brutally knocking
the hemocyte out --

meanwhile, he is still flooring it, racing ahead blind --
can't see past the hemocytes on the hood -- the hummer slams
into and over some cars -- the hemocyte on the driver's door
is violently torn off as the hummer sweeps past a building --

neville manages to get the hummer back to the street --
slamming aside cars, phone booths, parking meters and
hemocytes as he goes -- the two hemocytes on the hood are
still pounding, scratching and biting at the glass --

neville jams the pistol to the glass and fires twice --
deafening echoes -- blood splatters and the hemocytes fly off
the hood -- two clean holes in the window.

ahead, neville sees the cacique standing in the middle of the
road, glaring at him --

neville floors the hummer -- right at the cacique --
relentless -- they lock eyes as the hummer bears down on the
cacique -- at the last second, the cacique vaults forward --
over the hummer --  the vehicle flies past beneath him -- the
cacique lands gracefully and spins around.

neville races away, leaving the cacique behind.

the cacique stands in the carnage.  his head tilts this way
and that, watching the hummer escape.  watching it head up to
the hills.

then he turns to his followers.  many have been killed.  he
sees other hemocytes leaping on them and devouring the
corpses.

he turns back to watch neville's retreating hummer then
throws his head back in a ferocious bellow of primal anger.

