69	int -- cellblock five -- 3rd tier -- dusk (1949) 69

	bogs comes up the stairs, smoking a cigarette. not many 
	cons around; the place is virtually deserted. a voice 
	echoes dimly over the p.a. system: 

				voice (o.s.) 
		return to your cellblocks for 
		evening count. 

	bogs enters his cell. dark in here. he fumbles for the light 
	cord, yanks it. the sudden light reveals captain hadley six 
	inches from his face, waiting for him. mert steps in behind 
	bogs. hemming him. 

	before bogs can even open his mouth to say "what the fuck," 
	hadley rams the tip of his baton brutally into his solar 
	plexus. bogs doubles over, gagging his wind out. 

70 	ground floor 70

	ernie comes slowly around the corner, rolling a steel mop 
	cart loaded with supplies. 

71 	2nd tier 71

	red is darning a sock in his open cell. he pauses, frowning, 
	hearing strange thumping sounds. what the hell is that? 

72 	3rd tier 72

	it's hadley and mert methodically and brutally pulping bogs 
	with their batons, and kicking the shit out of him for good 
	measure. he feebly tries to ward them off. 

73 	2nd tier 73

	puzzled, red steps from his cell, following the sound. it 
	dawns on him that it's coming from above. he moves to the 
	railing and leans out, craning around to look up -- 

74 	red's pov 74

	-- just as bogs flips over the railing and comes sailing

	directly toward us, eyes bugging out, screaming as he falls. 

75 	red (slow motion) 75

	jumps back as bogs plummets past, missing him by inches, arms 
	swimming and trying to grab the railing (but missing that 
	too), screaming aaaaalll the way down -- 

76 	ground floor 76

	-- and impacting on ernie's gassing mop cart in an enormous 
	eruption of solvents and cleansers. the cart is squashed flat, 
	shooting out from under bogs and skidding across the cellblock 
	floor like a tiddly wink, kicking up sparks for thirty yards. 
	ernie is left gaping in shock at bogs and all the bogs-related 
	wreckage at his feet. 

77 	2nd tier 77

	red is stunned. he very tentatively leans out and looks up. 
	above him, hadley and mert lean on the 3rd tier railing. 
	hadley tilts the cap back on his head, shakes his head. 

				mert 
		damn, byron. look'a that. 

				hadley 
		poor fella must'a tripped. 

	a tiny drop of blood drips off the toe of hadley's shoe and 

	splashes across red's upturned cheek. he wipes it off, then 
	looks down at bogs. cons and guards are racing to the scene. 

				red (v.o.) 
		two things never happened again 
		after that. the sisters never laid 
		a finger on andy again... 

7b	ext -- prison yard/loading dock -- day (1949) 78

	bogs, wheelchair-bound and wearing a neck brace, is loaded 
	onto an ambulance for transport. behind the fence stand red 
	and his friends, watching. 

				red (v.o.) 
		...and bogs never walked again. they 
		transferred him to a minimum security 
		hospital upstate. to my knowledge, 
		he lived out the rest of his days 
		drinking his food through a straw. 

				red 
		i'm thinkin' andy could use a nice 
		welcome back when he gets out of 
		the infirmary. 

				heywood 
		sounds good to us. figure we owe 
		him for the beer. 

				red 
		man likes to play chess. let's get 
		him some rocks. 

