               ext. barton village church - day

               a large wedding party is gathered outside the church. the 
               entire village is present--children, farmers, labourers, 
               shopkeepers, and all our principals. we see mrs jennings in 
               a gigantic mauve bonnet, charlotte and mr palmer, sir john, 
               mrs dashwood, margaret, thomas, john and fanny, who is dressed 
               in a fantastically inappropriate concoction, and some men in 
               regimental uniform.

               the path to the church is strewn with wild flowers and 
               everyone holds a bunch of their own. the church bells start 
               to peal, and a great cheer goes up as the door opens and 
               betsy comes out holding the bridal cake aloft.

               the bride and groom appear: marianne, in white lawn, and 
               colonel brandon in full uniform. behind them come edward in 
               his parson's garb and, on his arm, elinor as matron of honour.

               close on them as they watch the party moving away. marianne 
               and brandon make their way forwards, everyone throws their 
               flowers over them, whooping and singing. an open carriage 
               decked with bridal wreaths comes to meet them, and brandon 
               lifts marianne in. his melancholy air is all but gone and he 
               radiates joyful life and vigour. marianne also looks extremely 
               happy - but there is a gravity to her joy that makes her 
               seem much older.

               according to the custom of the time, brandon throws a large 
               handful of six pences into the crowd, and the village children 
               jump and dive for them.

               the coins spin and bounce, catching the sun like jewels. one 
               hits fanny in the eye. she reels and falls over backwards 
               into a gorse bush. cam pulls back as the wedding procession 
               makes its glorious way from the church. we draw away into 
               the surrounding countryside.

               then we see, on the far edge of frame, very small, a man 
               sitting on a white horse, watching. it is willoughby. as we 
               draw back further still, he slowly pulls the horse around 
               and moves off in the opposite direction.

