               ext. downs near barton cottage - day

               it has started to rain. mists are gathering around the two 
               figures walking against the wind.

                                     marianne
                         is there any felicity in the world 
                         superior to this?

                                     margaret
                         i told you it would rain.

                                     marianne
                         look! there is some blue sky! let us 
                         chase it!

                                     margaret
                         i'm not supposed to run.

               marianne runs off down the hill into the heart of the mist. 
               margaret stumbles after her, grumbling. we follow marianne 
               in her headlong descent and suddenly, dramatically, she trips 
               and sprawls to the ground, letting out a sharp cry of pain.

                                     margaret
                         marianne!

                                     marianne
                         help me!

               she tries to get up, but the pain in her ankle is too great. 
               she sinks back to the ground. margaret is very alarmed.

                                     marianne
                         margaret, run home and fetch help.

               the mists have thickened. they can no longer see where they 
               are. despite her rising fear, margaret squares her shoulders 
               bravely and tries to sense the direction.

                                     margaret
                         i think it is this way. i will run 
                         as fast as i can, marianne.

               she dashes off. as she goes into the mist we hear the thunder 
               of hooves.

               cu margaret's terrified expression. they seem to be coming 
               from all around. she wheels and turns and then--crash! through 
               the mist breaks a huge white horse. astride sits an adonis 
               in hunting gear. margaret squeals. the horse rears. its rider 
               controls it and slides off. he rushes to marianne's side.

                                     the stranger
                         are you hurt?

                                     marianne
                              (transfixed)
                         only my ankle.

                                     the stranger
                         may i have your permission to--

               he indicates her leg. decorous, perhaps faintly impish.

                                     the stranger
                         --ascertain if there are any breaks?

               marianne nods speechlessly. with great delicacy, he feels 
               her ankle. margaret's eyes are out on chapel-hooks. marianne 
               almost swoons with embarrassment and excitement mixed.

                                     the stranger
                         it is not broken. now, can you put 
                         your arm about my neck?

               marianne does not need any encouragement. he lifts her 
               effortlessly and calls to his horse: 'bedivere!' it trots 
               obediently forward. the stranger smiles down at marianne.

                                     the stranger
                         allow me to escort you home.

