int. stadium - day
the super bowl halftime show is in progress. marino is in uniform warming up. emilio is 
drooling at the cheerleaders. ace and melissa are standing near the fifty yard line taking in the 
awesome spectacle.
some fireworks go off around the tank. a  marching band plays a triumphant tune. we see a 
helicopter come up over the side of the stadium carrying snowflake.
announcer (o.s.)
 ladies and gentlemen, the miami
dolphins are proud to welcome back
to bobby riddle stadium, our
beloved mascot and star of the
halftime show
angle on
the helicopter lowering snowflake into his tank.
announcer (o.s.)
 snowflake!!
as the crowd roars, melissa turns to ace, and with snowflake in the background performing 
spectacular flips, they kiss.
another angle
as melissa and ace kiss, the prized 'white pigeon' lands on a gatorade dispenser in the 
foreground. ace spots it and starts to make a move.
just as he closes in for the grab, the philadelphia eagles mascot eagle walks up to get a drink and 
shoos the pigeon away. ace is furious.
ace
 you idiot! do you know what
you've done?!
the giant eagle head looks up at ace.
mascot
 huh?
ace grabs him.
ace
 you just cost me ten thousand
bucks, polly!
mascot
 yeah blow me.
ace
 ree hee hee heelyyy?!!!
pull back to find eagle's mascot and ace arguing. we can't hear what's said, but there's a lot 
of finger pointing.
emilio stops his leering to check out what's going on.
the announcer up in the booth reads a release.
announcer
 the national football league would
now like to offer a special thank
you to the man who rescued dan
marino and our beloved
snowflake
on the field the mascot shoves ace. ace shoves back.
announcer (cont'd)
 a great humanitarian, and lover of
all animals mr. ace ventura!
ace is straddling the eagle, pounding the shit out of giant head.
the image is flashed on the big stadium screen. we freeze frame on this huge picture of ace, as he 
looks into camera with his fist raised.
music up: thrash metal
roll credits
