               ext. wooded road - day

               as rudy leaps out to wave down the car, as around the corner 
               comes a chevy nova --

               -- with gabriel and ashley inside. gabriel's eyes widen, he 
               floors the gas, racing right for rudy.

               rudy scampers toward the opposite roadside, a steep wooded 
               slope cradling a meadow and frozen river --

                                     ashley
                         no!!!

               -- as ashley grabs gabriel's steering wheel, swerving the 
               other way. gabriel fights her for control --

               -- as the nova just misses rudy, who dives off the road, 
               hits the slope and tumbles head-over-heels toward its bottom, 
               a hundred feet down, kicking up geysers of snow!

               on the road, the nova skids to a stop. ashley and gabriel 
               leap out, as merlin, jumpy and pug reach the road.

               at the slope's bottom

               rudy pops to his feet, a dazed snowball.

               back up at the road

               gabriel grabs a rifle from the nova, steps to the slope-top 
               edge and takes aim --

                                     ashley
                         run!!!

               -- as ashley suddenly slams into him from behind --

               sending the both of them tumbling down the slope! sliding 
               and tangled, the rifle flying from gabriel's grasp --

               to the bottom

               -- where they come to a tangled, snowy halt. gabriel struggles 
               to clear the ice from his face --

               -- as the butt of his rifle cracks him in the jaw.

                                     rudy
                         that's for reading her mail.

               he extends a hand to ashley --

                                     rudy
                         come on.

               -- and hauls her to her feet. ashley beams. as gabriel howls, 
               the two of them scramble away from the woods, rudy with the 
               rifle, toward the meadow and its frozen pond.

               more gunshots ring as merlin, jumpy and pug slide their way 
               down the ravine.

