               ext. iron mountain prison - day

               snow swirls. near blizzard conditions. a heavy steel door 
               bangs open, held by an exit guard. and fifteen convicts, 
               make that ex-convicts, trudge onto a fenced drive, covered 
               in snow.

                                     exit guard
                         your world and welcome to it, 
                         dumbfucks! don't be a stranger now! 
                         we'll keep the lights on for ya!

               rudy stumbles out with the group, shivering in a goodwill 
               hand-me-down coat. thin canvas, wouldn't keep him warm in 
               summer.

               secondhand shoes. no possessions.

               he clutches his sides with his hands, hunched over. all 
               fifteen huddle and herd toward the gate at the end of the 
               fenceway.

               beyond the gate

               there are a dozen friends and relatives waiting. a few men, 
               several women, a couple kids. bundled in winter coats, hats 
               and hoods. a prison shuttle bus is parked behind them.

               the released cons reach the gate, where a gate guard unlocks 
               the fence to the outside world. fifteen men are free.

               the ex-cons and relatives scan each other's faces. wives 
               rush over to embrace their men. pals nod to ex-cons and trade 
               slaps on backs. reunion time.

               the snow batters them, wind whipping. rudy keeps his head 
               down, leaning forward, keeps walking. toward the bus. but he 
               can't help himself -- he glances up --

               to see a young woman

               bundled in a silver ski jacket, pink wool hat with a poofball 
               on top, scarf and mittens. scanning the released prisoners.

               rudy

               drops his head, looks away. climbs onto the shuttle bus.

