               int. prison cell - night

               darkness and shadows. rudy sits in a corner, holding his 
               head. the cell block silent for the first time.

               bootsteps from down the row. a shadow falls across rudy's 
               somber figure. it's the mean guard. he stares at rudy with 
               distinct pleasure.

                                     rudy
                         the man had two days...

                                     mean guard
                         well. least he won't be coming back.

               the guard grins a gold tooth. rudy looks at him --

               -- and then springs to his feet, charges the room, grabbing 
               through the bars. the guard takes a calm step back. keeps 
               the cruel smile.

                                     mean guard
                         you need company tonight, rudy... 
                         you just give a holler.

               he puckers a kiss and walks on. starts whistling "are you 
               lonesome tonight?" several shadowed voices request that he 
               shut the fuck up. the bootsteps and melody drift down the 
               row.

               rudy

               turns back, starts toward his bunk. and stops. his eyes on 
               nick's empty bed. and the wall behind.

               the pictures of ashley

               smiling, laughing, playing kissy-face. hearts drawn on the 
               photos. all colors of stationery taped to the wall.

               rudy

               takes a seat on nick's bed. there's a shoebox at the foot of 
               it.

               rudy opens it. it's filled with ashley's letters.

               he trails a finger along them, must be over a hundred pages. 
               he selects the one nearest the front. surveys it.

                                     nick (v.o.)
                         rudy, man, here we go, here, what 
                         she wrote here: "the car's waiting. 
                         the motel's waiting. and i'm waiting.  
                         i've waited for so long. i'm burning 
                         for you, nick. my whole body. my 
                         whole heart. i'm burning for you..."

               rudy turns to the wall. to the lakeside picture of ashley, a 
               swimsuit siren. rudy stares sadly.

                                     rudy
                         he was burning for you too...

               and puts the letter away.

               close on rudy's calendar - night

               as his hand slashes through december 21st. prison's over.

                                                                    cut to:

