               int. bus - continuous

               rudy shakes his arms, basking in the vehicle's warmth. takes 
               a seat at the back. a couple other lone ex-cons climb aboard. 
               then the cons with relatives start to pile in.

               rudy's window is steamed against the cold. he stares into 
               his lap, then reaches for his coat pocket. takes out the 
               picture of ashley, in her bikini by the lake. stares at it.

               he rubs his window with his sleeve.

               outside, the woman in the silver coat turns this way and 
               that, troubled. she's watching the other ex-cons climbing 
               onto the bus with their loved ones.

               the woman looks back to the prison. the guard closing the 
               gate. the steel door has been shut. no one else is coming.

               rudy watches her sadly.

               aboard the bus, the seats fill up. ex-cons are feeling up 
               their wives, kids are climbing on their absent daddies, 
               buddies are jawing loudly 'bout how the neighborhood's 
               changed.

               the woman outside is now alone. silver coat, pink poofball.

               rudy looks at the bikini picture again.

               then at the shivering bundle.

                                     rudy
                         don't do it, rudy...

               the bus engine starts up. in the seat beside rudy, an ex-con 
               makes out with his wife while his bratty kid punches his 
               leg.

               out the window, the young woman is scanning the bus windows. 
               then the prison again. she turns in a worried circle. rudy 
               looks swiftly away. closes his eyes.

                                     rudy
                         don't do it ...

               the bus door closes. it revs and starts forward. rudy sighs 
               with relief. the photo of ashley falls to the floor.

