               ext. tomahawk - night

               the nova pulls into the lot and parks. merlin, pug and ashley 
               inside. on the road, the motor city monster slows to an idling 
               stop. in the cab, gabriel turns to rudy and jumpy:

                                     gabriel
                         go.

               rudy gives gabriel a withering look. he and jumpy climb out.

               gabriel's rig rumbles up the road.

               [note: all five men, save ashley, from now till story's end, 
               are in their santa claus suits.]

               rudy and jumpy

               make their way across the lot, heading for the entrance.

                                     rudy
                         hey jumpy, i want to ask you 
                         something. you have any problem with 
                         the fact that we're on our way to 
                         take millions of dollars from an 
                         indian casino?

               the native american considers. as they walk:

                                     jumpy
                         nick. it's true that indian gaming's 
                         gone a long way toward restoring 
                         wealth and pride to communities who've 
                         been economically isolated and 
                         enslaved for centuries. stronger 
                         infrastructure, better schools, higher 
                         employment... they're all the results 
                         of reservation casino success stories. 
                         still, many natives believe that 
                         these are temples to a godless 
                         materialism and greed that will only 
                         infect the souls of indigenous peoples 
                         until their love of money has 
                         destroyed the spiritual values their 
                         ancestors died to protect and their 
                         homelands have become no different 
                         from any united states suburb, 
                         satellite city or industrial park.  
                         destroying the indian legacy once 
                         and for all and leaving behind a 
                         nation of selfish, angry natives, of 
                         which i, it's true, am one --

               -- as they hit the tomahawk's doors --

