               ext./int. fifties-era home - day

               at cul-de-sac's end. where a blackened red cuff knocks.

               after a moment, the door opens to reveal a smiling mother 
               and father in their sixties. there's a party going on inside; 
               a dining table visible beyond them.

               the mother and father's smiles disappear. shock. concern.

                                     mother
                         rudy...? rudy?

                                     father
                         son? is... is that you...?

               the santa claus shuffles inside, right past them.

               the santa claus sleepwalks straight for the dining room, 
               finding a dozen relatives, laughing and eating. a table laden 
               with turkey and stuffing, gravy and cranberry, wassail and 
               wine.

               the relatives stop still. the room goes silent.

               the santa claus sits down at the head of the table.

               yes, it's rudy.

               without a word, he stares at the food before him. and takes 
               a plate. he stacks it with meat and dressing and trimmings, 
               and sets it in front of him.

               and digs in. stuffing his face in silence.

               his mother and father return to the dining room, gaping. the 
               other relatives look likewise.

               all staring at rudy.

               then, while he eats, without another sound...

               ...the mother takes her seat at the table...

               ...and the father pulls up another chair.

               they touch hands privately, and turn back to their plates.

               there's a clank of silverware, a scrape of china, a clink of 
               glass, and one-by-one, the relatives resume their meals.  
               conversation picks up where it left off, smiles return to 
               the table, laughter slowly rises in the room.

               there is mr. duncan and mrs. duncan, aunt lisbeth and uncle 
               ray, aunt mary and uncle pete, toddler sasha and teenage 
               sam, brother mike and his girlfriend jill, sister stacy and 
               her husband bill, grandpa walter, little wendy sue...

               ...and at the head of the table...

               rudy duncan.

               home for christmas.

               cut to black.

