               int. casino floor

               where the rifle sounds, just as jumpy grips his bucket of 
               quarters at the cashier's cage and wheels --

               -- throwing a fragmentation grenade's worth of quarters at 
               the two cashiers! bits of metal flying between the bars. 
               they scream, stepping backwards in defense --

               -- and jumpy whips a sawed-off shotgun from his coat --

                                     jumpy
                         step back from the desks!

               at the blackjack

               the five guards wrestling rudy spin and scramble, pulling 
               pistols from shoulder holsters as --

               merlin

               charges through the casino entrance, shotgun held --

                                     merlin
                         drop 'em! drop, drop, drop!!!

                                     rudy
                              (from the floor)
                         drop the guns! now!

               but the guards don't. whirling on merlin --

               -- who opens fire, blasting two of the guards off their feet. 
               rudy stays on the ground, covering his head, holding the 
               petrified old timer down --

               -- as the other three guards fire back, forcing merlin to 
               race behind the slots. bullets rip into slot machines --

               -- as gunshots ring out from the casino restaurant. two of 
               the guards spin to look behind them as --

               -- pug storms in, contorted glee, twin pistols blazing, 
               popping a steel flurry into an outgunned guard.

               merlin spins from hiding behind the slots. he and pug both 
               open fire, blowing away the two remaining men from both sides.

               one of the guards falls in front of rudy, gun in hand --

               -- but as rudy-reaches for the guy's pistol --

                                     merlin
                         hold it right there, nick. your squirt 
                         gun's all you need.

               merlin steps to him, gun aimed. he and pug collect the guards, 
               weapons.

                                     merlin
                         cover 'em.

               rudy gets to his feet, pulls the water pistol from his pocket.

               moves to round up the old timer, the waitress, the poker 
               players and the fat slots women.

                                     rudy
                         sorry, guys. but what the hell were 
                         you doing here an christmas eve 
                         anyway.

