               ext. sahara - day

               imhotep's jaw unhinges, his mouth opens to an inhuman size, 
               he lets fly with another one of his horrible shrieks. -- and 
               a massive wall of sand rises up out of the desert

               biplane - day

               o'connell watches the desert below him come alive and rise 
               up towards the plane. winston looks over the side and sees 
               what's coming. he laughs, throws the throttle, and puts the 
               plane into a dive.

                                     winston
                         hang on, men!

               we go wide as: the sandstorm chases the diving, twisting 
               biplane. getting closer and closer, about to engulf it.

               o'connell looks back into the blinding sand and sees a giant 
               face forming inside the sandstorm. it's imhotep. grinning.

               o'connell grabs the lewis machine-gun, cocks the bracket and 
               fires, blasting away at imhotep's giant face inside the 
               sandstorm. imhotep's face begins to laugh, then his jaw 
               unhinges, his mouth opens wide, and he engulfs the plane.

               winston blindly fights for control, elated.

                                     winston
                         we're going down!

               the biplane spins inside the blowing sand. engines roaring. 
               wind howling. jonathan and ardeth ray screaming. winston 
               havlock laughing.

                                     winston
                         here i come, laddies!

               o'connell braces himself for impact,

               sahara - day

               evelyn leaps to her feet and runs over to imhotep.

                                     evelyn
                         stop it! you'll kill them!

               imhotep grabs her, pulls her close, her beautiful eyes stare 
               into his shockingly intense ones. then he kisses her, hard.

               evelyn's eyes widen, stunned and mesmerized, then she pushes 
               herself away and falls back into the sand. imhotep laughs.

