               int. evelyn's foyer - night

               daniels turns from the window. henderson sits in a chair 
               next to evelyn's door, chain smoking. both look wired with 
               fear.

                                     daniels
                         the hell with this. i'm goin, 
                         downstairs to get me a drink. you 
                         want somethin'?

                                     henderson
                         yeah, get me a glass of bourbon, a 
                         shot of bourbon and a bourbon chaser.

               daniels nods and heads out. henderson just sits there, alone, 
               smoking. he reaches into his jacket pocket, pulls out his 
               sacred canopic jar and fondles it. a breeze suddenly comes 
               in through the open window. the curtains flutter. henderson 
               gets up and goes over to shut it. he looks out the window.

               the camera races over the compound, into the window and hits 
               henderson square in the face just as he's about to scream.

               henderson is lifted into the air by a mass of swirling sand.

               his body twists and turns and slowly shrivels as the life is 
               sucked out of him.

               then he collapses to the floor. on the wall above him, the 
               shadow of the swirling sand condenses, forming a shadow of a 
               human body. the shadow convulses as the body regenerates.

               and then it's over.

               imhotep steps into view. he's regenerated even further and 
               looks almost normal now, his face no longer decayed. he steps 
               over henderson's shriveled body and up to evelyn's door, 
               rattles the knob. it's locked. imhotep grins.

               evelyn's room - night

               evelyn is asleep in her bed as sand begins streaming in 
               through the keyhole, pouring onto the floor, forming a large 
               mound. evelyn starts to toss and turn. we pan back over to 
               the door: the mound of sand is gone and in it's place is 
               imhotep.

