               int. cemetery - day

               imhotep reads from the book. the rotten priest-mummies rock 
               back and forth, chanting. evelyn struggles.

               then suddenly, the strange mist wafts up out of the swirling 
               hole and over to the sacred jars, it passes through them and 
               into evelyn. evelyn jerks as though she's been electrified.

               the mist passes through her and into anck-su-namun's body.

               the chanting priests, swirling hole, wafting mist and 
               imhotep's readings reach a crescendo. anck-su-namun's crusty 
               eyelids suddenly pop open. evelyn stares at her in disbelief.

               anck-su-namun's rotted head turns and looks at evelyn with 
               empty sockets. evelyn freaks out and struggles wildly, then 
               she notices imhotep holding the ancient sacrificial knife.

                                     imhotep
                         with your death, my love and i will 
                         be invincible!

               he raises it up over evelyn's chest, about to plunge it down.

               evelyn's eyes widen in horror. and that's when o'connell and 
               jonathan burst in. imhotep spins around and faces them.

               jonathan beams as he holds up the golden book of the living.

                                     jonathan
                         i found it, evy! i found it

                                     evelyn
                         shut-up and get me off of here!

               o'connell grabs an ancient sword out of a statue's hand, 
               jumps up onto a gravestone and leaps out over the priests.

               the priest-mummies stop chanting. the mist vanishes.

               imhotep steps forward. o'connell strikes the sacrificial 
               knife out of his hand. imhotep bellows a command. the priests 
               stand up, swords and knives in hand, they attack o'connell.

               everything happens at once, read faster:

                                     evelyn
                         open the book, jonathan! open the 
                         book! that's the only way to kill 
                         him!

               o'connell racks and chops at the attacking priest-mummies, 
               fighting his way to evelyn. the skeletal creatures wildly 
               swing their swords, trying to stab o'connell. jonathan fumbles 
               with the book, struggling to open it, -- he can't.

                                     jonathan
                         i can't open it! it's locked or 
                         something!

               o'connell cuts two of the mummies in half, then swings his 
               sword down at evelyn, -- clang! one chain breaks free.

               jonathan spots a series of solid gold, four-sided locks along 
               the binder. it hits him like lightning --

                                     jonathan
                         we need the key!

               imhotep grins, then grabs the key/box hanging from a chain 
               around his neck, rips it off and shoves it into his pocket 
               he picks up the sacrificial sword and heads for jonathan.

                                     jonathan
                         what do i do, evy!? what do i do!?

                                     evelyn
                         read the inscription on the cover!

               o'connell swings his sword down again, -- clang! evelyn now 
               has one hand and one leg free. more mummies attack o'connell 
               force him back.

               jonathan quickly starts translating the cover inscription, 
               but his ancient egyptian is clearly awful.

                                     jonathan
                         keetash-something, naraba-something.

               jonathan starts to backpedal through the cemetery, clutching 
               the golden book; wide-eyed, as imhotep moves in on him.

                                     jonathan
                         ebarra im hatu kashka ummmmm -- ?

               jonathan trips and falls on his ass. imhotep charges forward.

               o'connell slashes another chain. only one more left holding 
               evelyn. jonathan sits up and quickly looks back at the cover.

                                     jonathan
                         rasheem aaaaa anubis!

               imhotep raises the sacrificial sword, about to kill jonathan.

               and that's when the giant statue of anubis suddenly crashes 
               through the wall -- shades of ray harryhausen. only better.

               the god of deaths, horrible, decrepit stone face stares 
               angrily down. jonathan stares back.

                                     jonathan
                         oh boy.

               o'connell decapitates a mummy and looks up at anubis.

                                     o'connell
                         this just keeps gettin, better and 
                         better.

               imhotep leaves jonathan and heads for the giant statue.

               o'connell leaps over and with one last swing of the sword, 
               frees evelyn from her chains. more priest-mummies attack, 
               forcing him away. evelyn jumps off the altar and starts to 
               head for o'connell, -- a skeletal hand grabs her! spins her 
               around. it's anck-su-namun's rotted corpse. evelyn reacts.

               imhotep looks up at anubis, points to o'connell, and in 
               ancient egyptian commands him to attack. anubis moves for 
               o'connell, stomping over mausoleums and through the detritus 
               moat on his way. o'connell quickly backs away.

                                     o'connell
                         do something, jonathan! kill it!

                                     jonathan
                         you have got to be joking?

               evelyn is backing away from anck-su-namun.

                                     evelyn
                         finish the inscription, idiot!

                                     jonathan
                         oh.

               anck-su-namun attacks evelyn. evelyn fends her off as best 
               she can. jonathan quickly looks back at the hieroglyphs on 
               the book cover, fumbling badly under the pressure --

                                     jonathan
                         ummm, hootash im... hootash im now 
                         what is this last symbol here?

                                     evelyn
                         what's it look like!?

               anck-su-namun grabs evelyn by the throat. the statue of anubis 
               corners o'connell, reaches down and grabs him with it's 
               massive talons. o'connell hacks away at it. jonathan stares 
               at the inscription, slightly oblivious.

                                     jonathan
                         it's an anck symbol, with two little 
                         squiggly lines above it, and a bird, 
                         a stork! on either side.

               evelyn is being strangled by anck-su-namun.

                                     evelyn
                         ah! ah! ahmenophus!

                                     jonathan
                         yes,... i see.

               the talons lift o'connell up and start to crush him.

                                     jonathan
                         hootash im ahmenophus!

               the giant statue of anubis instantly freezes in it's tracks 
               and petrifies. it's off balance. starts to fall. o'connell 
               slides free of it's talons. evelyn shoves anck-su-namun away, 
               anck-su-namun looks up and opens her fetid mouth to scream 
               just as anubis crashes down on top of her, smashing her to 
               powder and driving her into the ground.

               imhotep shrieks in rage and horror, then turns and angrily 
               heads for jonathan. jonathan, sitting on his ass, quickly 
               backpedals on his hands and heels.

               o'connell leaps to his feet, sword in hand and runs for 
               imhotep. imhotep grabs jonathan, lifts him up, rips the golden 
               book of the living out of his hand and pins him to a wall.

               o'connell runs up and swings his sword at imhotep, -- wap!

               slices imhotep's right arm off. it drops to the ground, still 
               clutching the book of the living. imhotep drops jonathan and 
               spins around, facing o'connell. o'connell grins.

                                     o'connell
                         okay pal, let's see how tough you 
                         are without your right arm.

               imhotep grabs o'connell with his left arm and throws him 
               half way across the cemetery. o'connell slams into a 
               gravestone, bounces off and crashes to the ground. he shakes 
               it off.

                                     o'connell
                         alright,... so he's left handed.

               imhotep is already striding towards him. jonathan lifts up 
               his hand, -- he has the key/box back! he smiles at evelyn.

                                     jonathan
                         i got it!

               evelyn runs for jonathan.

               o'connell swings his sword and cleaves a big chunk of molten 
               flesh rot out of imhotep's stomach. on the outside, imhotep 
               looks human, but on the inside he is still a rotten old mummy.

               imhotep backhands o'connell. knocks him twenty feet back.

               o'connell staggers to his feet. imhotep is right there. clubs 
               him hard with his left arm. o'connell spins through the air,

               slams into the side of a mausoleum. imhotep approaches, rage 
               in his eyes. o'connell gets up, quickly pivots and hacks 
               into imhotep's head. imhotep grins and punches o'connell in 
               the face. o'connell is thrown back, pulling his sword with 
               him.

               he bounces hard off the mausoleum. lands on his feet.

               totally beat-to-shit. knees buckling. he can barely stand.

               jonathan lifts up the heavy gold book, -- imhotep's severed 
               hand still clings to it. jonathan cringes in disgust. evelyn 
               yanks it off, throws it away, then start furiously working 
               the key into the series of locks, unlocking each of them.

               imhotep strides forward. o'connell backs into the mausoleum, 
               swings the sword, imhotep tries to catch it, -- it cleaves 
               through his palm and deeply imbeds itself into his forearm.

               no matter, imhotep rips the sword away from o'connell and 
               casually flings it away.

               the golden book of the living opens with a hiss. jonathan 
               holds it tight as evelyn quickly turns the heavy gold pages 
               looking for something.

               o'connell turns to run, but imhotep grabs him by the throat 
               and lifts him off his feet. o'connell hangs there, a dazed 
               mess. imhotep grins, says something in ancient egyptian, 
               then starts to strangle o'connell. o'connell chokes. about 
               to die.

               evelyn turns and faces imhotep and reads an inscription:

                                     evelyn
                         kadeesh mal! kadeesh mal! pared oos! 
                         pared oos!!

               imhotep pivots and looks at evelyn, a look of sheer terror 
               on his face. then he looks over at the detritus bog. which 
               starts to bubble and shift. the swirling hole begins to open.

               and then suddenly the spirits of the egyptian gods waft out 
               of the black bog and swirl around the priest-mummies. the 
               mummies all collapse and turn to dust. and then the spirits 
               attack imhotep. lifting him and o'connell up into the air.

               imhotep lets go of o'connell, who falls to the ground.

               evelyn and jonathan fearfully stumble away from the spirits, 
               jonathan trips and falls and accidentally throws the book of 
               the living into the detritus bog. evelyn watches as the golden 
               book sinks into the black putrescence. jonathan looks like 
               he's about to cry.

               ten feet off the ground, the spirits swirl around imhotep's 
               body, twisting it and turning it and slowly shriveling it.

               accompanied by the same strange flashing light we saw at the 
               beginning of the movie when anck-su-namun was cursed. one 
               last huge flash, accompanied by a blast of wind, and imhotep 
               is spit out and thrown to the floor. he staggers to his feet, 
               he looks perfectly normal. his body is completely intact.

               o'connell swings his sword. imhotep jerks back. the sword 
               scrapes imhotep's chest, -- a swath of blood appears across 
               imhotep's chest where the sword hit him. imhotep touches the 
               blood on his chest, amazed and horrified. he's mortal.

               o'connell runs imhotep through with the sword and shoves him 
               backwards. imhotep stumbles back and falls into the detritus 
               bog. the sword still in his stomach.

               evelyn and jonathan run up next to o'connell. they watch as 
               imhotep gently sinks into the fetid swamp, slowly dying. and 
               then, just before his head goes under, imhotep looks up at 
               them, grins broadly, and says something in ancient egyptian.

               evelyn translates:

                                     evelyn
                         death is only the beginning.

               imhotep's grinning face vanishes under the black bile.

               staff chamber - day

               beni staggers across a chamber, straining under the weight 
               of another saddlebag filled with treasure. he spots a large, 
               ornate staff sticking out of a wall. he throws the saddlebag 
               over the staff and collapses against the wall. exhausted.

               a beat. and then the weight of the treasure pulls the staff 
               down. which starts a massive aural chain-reaction.

               beni-backs away from the wall, wide-eyed, filled with fear.

               all the walls start to sink into the ground. driven by tons 
               of pouring sand. beni turns and hauls ass out of the chamber.

               cemetery - day

               o'connell, evelyn and jonathan look around as all the walls 
               start to descend. o'connell grabs evelyn's hand.

                                     o'connell
                         c'mon!

               he pulls her forward and all three of them race past sinking 
               pillars. they duck as they run into a descending doorway.

