               int. casbah - day

               the proverbial den-of-iniquity. hard men, hard women and 
               hard liquor. lots of deals going down. an older guy with a 
               walrus mustache is drunk and talking to some tough customers.

               he wears british wwi fighter pilot gear. meet winston havlock.

                                     winston
                         i'm the last of the royal force still 
                         stationed here, you know? all the 
                         other laddies died in the air and 
                         were buried in the sand.

               the tough customers shove him away. winston staggers over to 
               o'connell and jonathan at the bar, not missing a beat.

                                     winston
                         ever since the end of the great war, 
                         there hasn't been a single challenge 
                         worthy of a man like me.

                                     o'connell
                         i've heard it before, winston.

               o'connell shoves him away. winston staggers back to jonathan.

                                     winston
                         i just wish i would've chucked it 
                         with the other laddies, gone down in 
                         a flame of glory, instead of sitting 
                         around here, rotting from boredom 
                         and booze!

               jonathan shoves him towards another group of unlucky sods 
               henderson and daniels sidle up to the bar next to them.

               burns, now tongue-less, talks with a severe impediment.

                                     burns
                         the drawer there, spectacles.
                              (tries to laugh)
                         as you see, i won't be needing them.

               imhotep opens the drawer and pulls out some bifocals. he 
               puts the bifocals on over his death mask, -- and grins 
               broadly, his rotted teeth showing through the mouth hole.

                                     beni
                         mister burns, prince imhotep thanks 
                         you for your spectacles, -- and for 
                         your eyes,... and for your tongue.

               the expression on burns' face starts to change, very puzzled.

                                     beni
                         but i am afraid more is needed, the 
                         prince says he must finish the job, 
                         consummate the curse which you and 
                         your friends have brought down upon 
                         yourselves.

               a look of pure fear registers on burns, face. beni quickly 
               backs away and runs out of the room. imhotep picks up the 
               sacred canopic jar, then removes the death mask, revealing 
               his hideous, shattered corpse-skull.

