               int./ext. convertible - streets - night

               the convertible slowly motors down the narrow alleys. we 
               dolly across the hood of the car from jonathan to evelyn to 
               o'connell. ardeth ray and the curator are still in the back.

               all of them staring out the front windshield. freaked-out.

               then suddenly one of the hideous ghouls crashes through the 
               windshield! everybody screams. jonathan hits the gas, loses 
               control, the car slams into a wall. o'connell grabs evelyn.

                                     o'connell
                         c'mon! c'mon! let's go! let's go!

               they all leap out of the car. but the angry, festering mob 
               quickly surrounds them. o'connell quickly reaches into his 
               gunny-sack, pulls out a stick of dynamite, then reaches into 
               his pocket and pulls out a match. he looks around for a way 
               to light it, then reaches over and strikes it across ardeth 
               ray's stubbly face. ardeth ray yelps. o'connell holds the 
               lit match near the fuse.

               the crazed, chanting mob gives o'connell a wide berth, staring 
               at him and the others with insane, bloodshot eyes.

               and then imhotep steps through, -- having fully regenerated, 
               he now looks as young and handsome and muscular as he did 
               the day he was buried alive. evelyn stares at him.

                                     evelyn
                         he's gorgeous.

               o'connell gives her a look, the match burns his fingers. he 
               yelps and throws it down, grabs another match and strikes it 
               across ardeth ray's face again. ardeth ray yelps and gives 
               o'connell a look to kill. the curator shakes his head.

                                     the curator
                         he has consummated the curse, now 
                         all he need do is raise anck-su-namun 
                         from the dead, then it will be the 
                         end of us, and the beginning for 
                         them.

               imhotep moves forward, heading right for them. o'connell 
               lights the fuse. imhotep steps up to o'connell and stops, 
               watching the fuse burn down. it's a game of chicken. the 
               tension mounts. the lit fuse is about to vanish inside the 
               stick of dynamite, blowing it up, -- when evelyn leans forward 
               and blows it out. o'connell exhales, but keeps his eyes on 
               imhotep, who extends his hand to evelyn.

                                     imhotep
                         koontash dai na.

               beni steps through the swarming mass, translating.

                                     beni
                         take his hand and he will spare the 
                         others.

               evelyn hesitates, looks around at the huge, bloodthirsty 
               crowd surrounding them, holding axes, picks and scimitars, 
               waiting to pounce, then she looks at imhotep, confident, 
               powerful, invincible. then she looks at o'connell.

                                     evelyn
                         any bright ideas?

               o'connell talks through angry, grit teeth.

                                     o'connell
                         sorry, fresh out.

               evelyn looks back at imhotep, then starts to reach out to 
               take his hand. both o'connell and jonathan move to stop her, -- 
               but ardeth ray grabs them both and holds them tight.

                                     o'connell
                         don't do it, evelyn.

                                     evelyn
                         i have no choice.

               evelyn's trembling hand touches imhotep's: his hand closes 
               around hers. nothing happens. imhotep smiles.

                                     imhotep
                         keetah mi pharos, aja nilo, isirlan.

                                     beni
                         come with me my princess. it is time 
                         to make you mine, forever.

               evelyn gives beni a nasty look, correcting him --

                                     evelyn
                         all eternity, idiot.

               then she looks at o'connell and puts on her best face.

                                     evelyn
                         you better think of something, because 
                         if he turns me into a mummy, you're 
                         the first one i'm coming after.

               o'connell almost smiles.

                                     o'connell
                         got guts, lady.

                                     evelyn
                         yes, i know, and i'd like to keep 
                         them.

               imhotep suddenly notices something. he reaches forward and -- 
               rips the key/box out of jonathan's upper jacket pocket.

                                     jonathan
                         hey that's mine -- !

               ardeth ray holds jonathan back. imhotep pulls evelyn away.

               o'connell can't take it anymore, he tries to break free of 
               ardeth ray's grip.

                                     o'connell
                         evelyn!

               the huge, powerful man holds him tight.

                                     ardeth ray
                         be calm. there is still time. we can 
                         stop him yet.

               the crowd parts for imhotep and evelyn. and then imhotep 
               stops and looks back at o'connell.

                                     imhotep
                         pared oos.

               evelyn screams.

                                     evelyn
                         nooo!!

               beni smiles.

                                     beni
                         kill them.

               imhotep pulls her away. o'connell breaks free of ardeth ray's 
               grip and stumbles forward.

                                     o'connell
                         evelyn!

               but the rabid vultures are already moving in for the kill.

               o'connell quickly bends down, pulls open a cistern/manhole 
               cover and shoves jonathan down inside it, then jumps in after 
               him. the curator pushes ardeth ray towards the cistern hole.

                                     curator
                         go! find a way! kill the creature!

               the curator turns and throws himself at the mob as ardeth 
               ray crawls down into the hole. the mob tears the curator 
               apart.

