               int. imhotep's chamber - day

               wham! imhotep's wooden coffin is dropped to the ground next 
               to his stone sarcophagus. evelyn is very excited.

                                     evelyn
                         oh my god, i've dreamed about this 
                         ever since i was a little girl.

                                     o'connell
                         you dream about dead guys?

               evelyn just gives him a look, then starts brushing dirt and 
               cobwebs off the top of the coffin. then she freezes.

                                     evelyn
                         look, all the sacred spells have 
                         been chiseled off. the hieratics and 
                         hieroglyphs that protect the deceased 
                         on his journey into the afterlife, 
                         they've been removed. this man was 
                         cursed,... doomed.

               o'connell and jonathan are too excited to care.

                                     o'connell
                         tough break.

                                     jonathan
                         yes, i'm all tears, now let's see 
                         who's inside, shall we?

               evelyn can't believe these guys. jonathan inserts the key/box 
               into the coffin's lock. turns it. the lid cracks open with a 
               hiss. they all react to the foul stench. then o'connell grabs

               the lid. it's stuck. he pulls with all his might. jonathan 
               helps him. it starts to give way. slowly. slowly. slooooowly.

               and then it suddenly pops open and the most hideous, maggot 
               infested, rotten corpse imaginable jumps up!

                                     o'connell/evelyn/jonathan
                         ahhhhh!!!

               they all jump back. scared to death. imhotep is now the 
               'elephant man' of corpses; twisted and deformed. the years 
               have not been kind. he slumps back into his coffin.

