               ext. sand dunes - night

               imhotep leads-a torch-lit procession across the dunes. anck-
               su-namun's mummy is carried by nubian slaves. they put her 
               down in the sand along with five jewel encrusted jars.

                                     imhotep
                         her body was mummified, her vital 
                         organs removed and placed in sacred 
                         canopic jars.

               imhotep, filled with dread, reads from a obooko made out of 
               pure gold. this is the book of the living.

                                     imhotep
                         the book of the living contained 
                         sacred incantations that would send 
                         the evil dead on a journey into the 
                         dark underworld.

               strange light suddenly flashes across the faces of the slaves 
               and the egyptian soldiers. suddenly, everyone's fear-filled 
               eyes all rise, as if watching anck-su-namun's body rising.

               then one last huge flash, accompanied by a blast of wind, 
               and it's over. anck-su-namun's body now lies twisted on the 
               ground.

               imhotep's priests place the body into a stone sarcophagus.

               the nubian slaves lower it into a hole and bury it with sand. 
               imhotep then signals to the soldiers, who throw their spears 
               at the nubians. killing them.

                                     imhotep
                         the slaves were killed...

               imhotep's knife-wielding priests attack the now unarmed 
               soldiers, hacking at them in the flickering darkness as 
               imhotep and the mumia solemnly watches.

                                     imhotep
                         ...and the soldiers who killed them 
                         were also slain, so that no unholy 
                         person should ever know the exact 
                         location of the burial site.

               the mumia walk off across the sand and then, one by one, the 
               priests stop their frenzied stabbing and stare off at the 
               vanishing mumia. as the last mumia disappears over a distant 
               dune, imhotep nods, and the priests leap onto anck-su-namun's 
               grave and begin digging it back up with their hands.

