               int. cemetery - day

               imhotep prepares the altar while speaking in hebrew. beni 
               holds his gun on her, translating:

                                     beni
                         prince imhotep wants your heart.

               evelyn blushes, feeling complimented by the handsome prince.

                                     evelyn
                         tell him, i'm truly flattered... but 
                         that it's already taken.

               imhotep continues speaking while laying the four jewel 
               encrusted canopic jars next to the shattered one.

                                     beni
                         he wants your heart and your brain, 
                         your liver, your kidneys...

               evelyn's eyes widen.

                                     beni
                         ...and how do you say? those slimy 
                         things, in your stomach?

                                     evelyn
                         intestines.

                                     beni
                         yeah! them.

               evelyn can't believe it, she furiously turns to imhotep.

                                     evelyn
                         you only want me for my organs?!

               imhotep looks at her and grins, then backhands her -- wap!

               evelyn goes down for the count. imhotep stares at her, cold, 
               malevolent, then he turns and walks off into the mausoleums.

               beni nervously glances around, then quickly scurries away.

               treasure chamber - day

               o'connell squeezes through a small crevice in a wall and 
               drops to the floor of a dark chamber. he picks up his 
               gunnysack and scans the darkness. something glitters. jonathan 
               and ardeth ray crawl in behind him.

               o'connell notices a shaft of light, high above him, shooting 
               through a small hole in the ceiling and stopping against a 
               wall next to one of those mirror disks. o'connell aims his 
               gun. fires. the bullet strikes the disk's pedestal, spinning 
               the mirror into the shaft of light, -- and wham! the shaft 
               of light hits the disk and quickly bounces around the room 
               from one disk to another until the whole chamber is lit up.

               it's an enormous treasure chamber. filled to overflowing. 
               everything sparkles and shines. the wealth of egypt.

               o'connell, jonathan and ardeth ray are speechless. that's 
               when the two mummified priest-mummies walk in.

                                     o'connell
                         who the hell are these guys?

                                     ardeth ray
                         priests. imhotep's priests.

               o'connell pulls the elephant gun out of his gunny-sack.

                                     o'connell
                         i never killed a priest before.

                                     ardeth ray
                         they are evil, cursed, they matter 
                         not.

                                     o'connell
                         well, okay then.

               o'connell fires the elephant gun. smoke and flame shoot out.

               blasts one of the mummies. blows it's upper torso clean off.

               o'connell pumps the gun, the huge spent cartridge flips 
               through the air. he fires again. blasts the other mummy, 
               blows this one's torso clean off as well. the smoke clears.

               the two sets of legs keep walking forward, unaffected by the 
               loss of their upper torsos. o'connell can't believe it.

                                     o'connell
                         oh come on, gimme a break here.

               and then the disemboweled upper torsos start to move, turning 
               over and crawling towards our heroes, who start to back away.

