               int. labyrinth passageways - day

               the elephant gun fires, blasting flame and smoke right into 
               the lens. o'connell, jonathan and ardeth ray race down a 
               passageway, a dozen mummies striding after them.

                                     o'connell
                         this whole place is comin, alive!

               the men race around a corner. more mummies. they race around 
               another corner. more mummies. onward they come. methodical. 
               relentless. boxing in our heroes. o'connell and ardeth ray 
               firing as they go. ardeth ray goes empty.

                                     ardeth ray
                         i'm out.

               he throws the machine-gun down and they all race into --

               horus' chamber - day

               -- a small chamber. the lower half of the giant statue of 
               horus stands in the middle of the chamber.

                                     jonathan
                         there he is!

               they run up to the base of the statue,

                                     jonathan
                         hello horus old boy.

               o'connell looks back at the mummies coming down the 
               passageway. he reaches into his gunny-sack and pulls out a 
               stick of dynamite. ardeth ray taps him on the shoulder.

                                     ardeth ray
                         allow me.

               o'connell hands him the dynamite and a match, then turns to 
               look at the statue. ardeth ray reaches forward and strikes 
               the match off o'connell's stubbly face. o'connell yelps.

               ardeth ray lights the dynamite and throws it down the 
               passageway. they all hit the deck. the dynamite explodes.

               ripping apart the creatures, causing a cave-in and sealing 
               the passageway with rock and dirt. now there's only one way 
               out, -- another dark, creepy passageway.

