               int. foyer - night

               o'connell and jonathan race into the foyer and skid to a 
               stop as they see henderson's shriveled body on the floor.

               o'connell runs up to evelyn's door and rattles the knob, 
               still locked. he bends down and looks in through the keyhole.

               evelyn's room - night

               imhotep leans down towards evelyn, about to kiss her as she 
               sleeps. the door starts to crash and bang from o'connell.

               imhotep ignores it. and kisses evelyn. his lips and mouth 
               instantly start to degenerate and decay. right down to the 
               bone. the door bursts open. evelyn wakes up. sees imhotep's 
               rotted mouth kissing her. she screams and shoves him away.

               imhotep's putrid mouth grimaces in sadness.

                                     o'connell
                         get your hands off my girl, pal.

               imhotep's sadness turns to anger as he spins around and faces 
               o'connell. imhotep licks his fetid lips. o'connell smirks.

                                     o'connell
                         nice lips.

               imhotep starts to move for o'connell.

                                     o'connell
                         i figured you might be here, so i 
                         brought a friend.

               he throws the white cat at imhotep. imhotep instinctively 
               catches it.

               he shrieks, drops the cat and stumbles back towards the 
               window, -- which suddenly blows open. imhotep spins like a 
               dervish and bursts into a whirlwind of sand.

               everybody covers their eyes. the imhotep/sand-devil explodes 
               out the window and vanishes over the compound.

               jonathan aims his gun at the window, his hand shaking badly.

               o'connell hugs evelyn as she wipes her mouth in disgust.

               daniels walks in, looks at henderson's shriveled body on the 
               floor... and drops the martini glasses.

