               int. anubis' chamber - night

               beni slowly backs up around anubis, eyes wide, gun up. he 
               turns around, -- imhotep is right there! beni screams, backs 
               away and opens fire. six gunshots perforate imhotep, but 
               have no effect except to splatter molten flesh rot onto the 
               back wall. beni retreats into a corner, scared shitless.

               imhotep moves forward, his one hand trying to stop the molten 
               mummy guts from oozing out of the large shotgun hole in his 
               side. beni drops his gun and grabs at the chains around his 
               neck, religious symbols and icons dangle from each chain.

               beni holds the first one up: a christian crucifix. he quickly 
               makes the sign of-the cross and blesses himself in english:

                                     beni
                         may the good lord protect and watch 
                         over me as a shepherd watches over 
                         his flock. and may satan in all his 
                         forms be vanquished forever.

               it has no effect on imhotep, who continues forward. beni 
               quickly grabs at the other symbols and icons, holding them 
               out towards imhotep, one after the other, trying to slow his 
               progress: an islamic sword and crescent moon necklace; a 
               hindu brahma medallion; a small buddhist bodhisattva statue.

               all while blessing himself in arabic, hindi, chinese and 
               latin. nothing works. imhotep's skeletal hand reaches for 
               beni's throat. tears run down beni's cheeks he's so freaked.

               and that's when he holds up the star of david and blesses 
               himself in hebrew. imhotep stops in his tracks. his hand 
               lowers. his grotesque new eyeballs stare at beni.

                                     imhotep
                              (subtitled)
                         the language of the slaves.

               looks at him quizzically. imhotep takes a step back.

                                     imhotep
                              (in hebrew -- subtitled)
                         i may have use for you. and the 
                         rewards will be great.

               imhotep reaches into his tattered robe, and then holds out 
               his fetid hand, filled with squirming maggots. beni cringes, 
               about to throw up, but then the maggots part, -- revealing a 
               tiny pile of little jewels. beni's eyes widen. imhotep raises 
               his other hand, it holds anck-su-namun's broken canopic jar.

                                     imhotep
                         where are the other sacred jars?

