               ext. sahara - hamanaptra ruins (1925) - day

               imhotep's horrifying screams become the screams of a tuareg 
               horseman.

               racing across the desert with two thousand of his warrior 
               brethren. armed to the teeth. superimposed across the screen 
               are the words:

                                    the sahara - 1925

               a mile across the scorching desert two hundred french foreign 
               legionnaires scurry through the ruins, preparing for the 
               onslaught. our hero is up on the wall. his kepi sits at a 
               jaunty angle. dashing and handsome. this is rick o'connell.

               he looks out at the massive screaming horde galloping at 
               him.

                                     o'connell
                         i knew this was gonna be a lousy 
                         day.

               a doughy little frenchman joins him as he makes his way across 
               the top of the wall. this is beni.

                                     beni
                         personally, i would like to surrender. 
                         why can we not just surrender?

                                     o'connell
                         shut-up and gimme your bandolier.

               beni pulls off his cartridge belt. hands it to o'connell.

                                     beni
                         then let's run away. right now. while 
                         we can still make it.

               o'connell throws it on, crisscrossing his own bandolier.

                                     o'connell
                         now gimme your revolver, you'll never 
                         use it anyway.

               beni pulls out his pistol and chucks it to o'connell.

                                     beni
                         then let's play dead, huh? nobody 
                         ever does that anymore.

               o'connell slides it into his belt, next to his own revolver

                                     o'connell
                         now go find me a big stick.

                                     beni
                         in the desert? what for?

               o'connell turns and goes nose-to-nose with him.

                                     o'connell
                         so i can tie it to your back, you 
                         appear to be without a spine.

               the horde of warriors thunders forward. now a half mile out. 
               scimitars rattling. o'connell and beni run through the ruins.

                                     o'connell
                         how'd a guy like you end up in the 
                         legion anyways?

                                     beni
                         i got caught robbing a synagogue. 
                         lots of good stuff in them holy 
                         places; churches, temples, mosques, 
                         and who's guarding them?

                                     o'connell
                         altar boys?

                                     beni
                         exactly! i speak seven languages, 
                         including hebrew, so my specialty 
                         was synagogues. how about you? kill 
                         somebody?

               beni trips and accidentally tackles o'connell to the ground.

               o'connell gives him a nasty look.

                                     o'connell
                         no, but i'm considering it.

               they get up and run out the gate and down the stone ramp

                                     beni
                         what then? robbery? extortion? 
                         kidnapping!

                                     o'connell
                         none of the above, thank you.

                                     beni
                         then what the hell are you doing 
                         here!?

               they both skid to a stop at the front line as they see the 
               horde of warriors. the sound of charging horses is deafening.

               o'connell gives beni a big cheesy smile.

                                     o'connell
                         i was just looking for a good time.

               and that's when the cowardly legionnaire colonel suddenly 
               panics, cuts and runs. o'connell instantly stiffens.

                                     o'connell
                         oh shit. steady!

               gives the men around him courage. but onward comes the horde 
               hoofs pounding the sand. several more legionnaires take off.

                                     o'connell
                         steady!
                              (to himself)
                         what the hell am i sayin'?

               the tuaregs let loose with those horrifying oooo-loo-loog 
               screams. more legionnaires haul-ass. beni is one of them.

                                     o'connell
                         steady!!
                              (to himself)
                         what the hell am i doin'?

               the tuaregs set their rifles and take aim. o'connell steels 
               himself, cocks and locks. the cartridge in his mouth suddenly 
               snaps, he spits it into the sand. another beat. and then --

                                     o'connell
                         fire!

               the legionnaires on the ground fire. the rifles report with 
               a crash. the blast blows dozens of tuaregs clean off their 
               mounts. the prone legionnaires quickly begin to reload.

                                     o'connell
                         fire!

               the kneeling legionnaires fire. more tuaregs bite the sand.

               the remaining warriors open fire. thunder and smoke rip the 
               hot air. a third of the legionnaires are killed instantly.

                                     o'connell
                         fire!

               the remaining standing legionnaires fire. tuaregs spin off 
               their mounts. crash to the sand. and then the entire tuareg 
               force plows into the ruins and through the legionnaires.

               o'connell grabs the barrel of his rifle and starts clubbing 
               riders off their steeds, fighting like a man possessed.

               beni on the other hand, is bellycrawling across the sand, 
               whimpering in full retreat as legionnaires fall dead all 
               around him. he crawls through the front gate.

               o'connell throws his rifle down and goes for his guns. he 
               cross-draws, gun in each hand, starts blowing riders off 
               their mounts.

               beni crawls faster, and then he spots an open temple doorway 
               amongst the rocks. he gets up and sprints for the door as 
               the last of the legionnaires are shot off their feet behind 
               him. o'connell's guns go empty.

                                     o'connell
                         son-of-a-bitch.

               he turns and runs like hell, right through the front gate.

               four tuareg warriors on massive arabians haul-ass after him.

               o'connell hurdles a stone column, hits the ground running.

               he spots beni inside the temple doorway, trying to close the 
               heavy sandstone door.

                                     o'connell
                         hey! beni! wait up!

               beni has no intention of waiting up, he pushes harder.

                                     o'connell
                         what are ya doing?! wait up!

               o'connell runs faster. beni pushes harder. the four horsemen 
               leap the big column and charge after him. hoofs pounding.

                                     o'connell
                         don't you close that door! don't you 
                         close that door!

               beni closes the door just as o'connell reaches it. o'connell 
               slams his body into the door. it doesn't budge.

                                     o'connell
                         i'm gonna get you for this!

               he turns and bolts off around the rocks. running for his 
               life, weaving through the ruins. the arabians getting closer 
               and closer. the pounding hoofs getting louder and louder.

               o'connell finally spins around and faces his attackers. the 
               four massive horses crash to a stop in front of him. the 
               vicious tuaregs raise their rifles to finish him off.

               o'connell just stands there, exhausted and beaten, then he 
               slowly lifts his right hand and gives them the bird.

               and that's when the horses go ape-shit. all four of them 
               rear up. two of the riders are thrown to the ground. the 
               horses screech and bellow and snort in fear, then buck like 
               fury and haul-ass away as if the devil himself had scared 
               them. the thrown riders get up and race off after their 
               mounts.

               o'connell just stands there, stunned, then he lifts his right 
               hand and checks out his middle finger. and then he feels the 
               evil himself, and turns around. -- the shattered, decrepit 
               statue of anubis stares back at him.

               suddenly, the sand begins to shift under o'connell's feet.

               he starts to back away, keeping his eyes on the transforming 
               sand, it looks like huge snakes are wiggling and writhing 
               beneath it, forming lines and shapes, -- drawing a picture.

               o'connell quickly turns and runs off through the ruins. the 
               sand stops moving, and we can now see that, drawn in the 
               sand, is a picture of imhotep's screaming face.

