     int. hallway leading to codex room

     hawk saunters down a long resplendent hallway toward a
     room at the end bustling with excitement.  coming to the
     mouth of the room, he looks to two gold framed mirrors on
     either side of the opening, rubs his head, and scribbles.

     inside the codex room

     hawk takes in the majestic beauty, and practical details,
     of the room--windows, statues, a massive ornate lighting
     fixture--as he moves down one of the twin winding stair-
     cases leading to a path of people behind velvet ropes and
     the object of their gaze...

     the da vinci codex

     --an old book enclosed in a glass case, propped open to
     the familiar beautiful drawing of a man inside a circle.

     the case is located between two informational tablets
     enclosed in glass columns.  enter holy da vinci theme.

                             anna (v.o.)
               but it is his gift as an inventor
               who drew together science and art
               that is most incredible.

     hawk brightens to the return of anna, carrying a portfolio
     bag, striding down the stairs with a group of investors
     and families.  she brightens back, giving him a quick
     verbal breath and a hand squeeze.

                             anna
               tough guy.  what are you--how's
               your head.

                             hawk
                       (vegetable)
               yes, and my giraffe loves it, too...

     she laughs, going into her public voice.

                             anna
               as you know, the da vinci codex,
               has lived in the vatican for
               centuries and will continue to
               live here for centuries more.

                             hawk
                       (under his breath)
               that's what you theenk.

                             anna
               question, sir?   his untiring pen
               predicted the airplane, the
               submarine, the bicycle, the
               helicopter, and even the tank.
         
     a little brat trailing the group, moves next to hawk,
     bitching away to her stuffed elephant, pokey.

                             little brat
               this is so bor-ing!  do you hate
               italy as much as i do, pokey?
                       (bad ventriloquism)
               si, senor!  italy sucks the big
               one!  why can't we go to the epcot
               center!

     the little brat stops and lets pokey the elephant dangle
     from her side.  hawk eyes the elephant strangely.

                             anna
               these more dangerous designs
               inspired him to develop a secret
               code that ....

     the stuffed elephant suddenly goes flying over anna's
     head.

     the alarm goes off.  the massive ornate lighting fixture
     swoops down from the ceiling, inverting in air, and slams
     down over the codex, transformed into a makeshift cage.

     strange green gas comes billowing out of the vents.
     needless to say, everyone goes crazy.

     coughing gas, hawk peeks to see that a line of light
     sensor alarms imbedded in the tablets are what set the
     alarm off.

     two gas masks drop airlinesquely from the mouth of the
     entranceway and two racing-in guards wrangle them on.

     the little brat sees that pokey the stuffed elephant has
     been beheaded by the cage/lamp.  she is pulled away and
     spanked.

                             little brat
               pokey, come back!

     anna yanks a notetaking hawk away as the gas blusters in
     around him.  the two flunkies, eyes on hawk, are hap-
     lessly making their way up the opposite staircase.

                             anna
               come on, this stuff will knock you
               out.  have you ever had the feeling
               you were being followed, mr. bond.

                             hawk
               never, why do you ask?

     reaching the top of the stairs, just outside the door,
     anna briskly pulls hawk into a piece of wall that is
     really a door.  the wall closes as the flunkies come
     flying out, baffled.

