     int. rutherford's auction house--night

     dressed in a not-quite-fitting but suave tuxedo, hawk
     enters the now well-lit auction house auditorium (chairs
     all set out).  bored workmen in coveralls lug equestrian
     items on to a podium from the familiar freight elevator.

                             eccentric bald auctioneer
               ...fan-taas-tic example of
               florentine marble... who will start
               at 160,000...160,000......180,000.

     someone raises their paddle as hawk passes beneath the
     hanging horses and finds an aisle seat near the stage.
     hawk scans everyone in the room before coming to the one
     seated next to him, an enchantingly beautiful woman.

                             hawk
               all these years of attending auctions,
               i still get goosebumps.  the paintings,
               the sculptures....the things that
               aren't really paintings or sculptures...

                             the woman
               .... the pretentious vultures who
               don't even look up from their
               calculators to see what they're
               buying.  now that gives me
               goosebumps.  auctions are
               disgusting.

                             hawk
               i couldn't agree more.  savages.

     the woman laughs at his gear switch then catches herself.

                             eccentric bald auctioneer
               lot fifteen, an equestrian sconce
               attributed to the cellini school..

     auction entrance

     big stan, the hefty guard from the heist, enters the area
     wearing a blue ribbon.

     auction area

     big stan is walking in back of the seated bidders:  an
     oblivious hawk in the foreground starts to scan varied
     bidder-types, raising their paddles to babble out dollar
     figures; a gaudy rock star and his gloomy-chic entourage,
     a king farouk-type with a bored teenage american hooker,
     and a scary nordic princess in a monocle and a tiara.

     three standing assistants frantically man a table of
     phones set up down before the stage.  one raises his
     arm.

                             eccentric bald auctioneer
               sold!  to the caller from
               newfoundland.

     a stylish female assistant takes out an impressive replica
     of the "sforza" from the safe behind the podium and brings
     it to the auctioneer.  the crowd a-a-hs... hawk laughs
     and shakes his head.

                             eccentric bald autioneer
               and finally, lot number 17,
               thought to be lost in the war,
               and again last night, the da
               vinci "sforza," the jewel of the
               sale.  fan-taas-tic...

                             hawk
                       (re: auctioneer)
               is looking like a constipated
               warthog a prerequisite to getting
               a job in the art world?

                             eccentric bald auctioneer
               there have naturally been questions
               of its authenticity, so to verify
               we have doctor anna baragli of the
               vatican.  doc?

                             anna
                       (rising, to hawk)
               some of us warthogs are more
               constipated than others.

     hawk uneasily laughs as anna makes her way up the stage
     and pulls out a large magnifying glass.  a look of
     distress passes over her face.  hawk closes his eyes in
     anticipation.

                             hawk
               oh, the shit is going to hit the
               fa--

                             anna
                       (suddenly serene)
               fantastic.  perfection.  the
               vatican extends its jealousy to
               the lucky bidder.

                             eccentric bald auctioneer
               we'll begin the bidding at 82.5
               million dollars.  to you, sir.
               eighty-three, ninety--your bid,
               madame--ninety point five.....

     hawk opens his eyes in confusion.  he scans anna coming
     off the stage, gliding toward the phone table.  hawk
     floats into the aisle, curling toward her as she picks
     up a phone and murmurs into it.

                             darwin mayflower
               loo million clams, francesco!

     the crowd orgasms as vanity fair cover boy, darwin
     mayflower works the aisle, playfully mussing up the
     appreciative, tiaraed princess's hair, giddily high-
     fiving the rock star, and sloppily frenching the hooker.

                             eccentric bald auctioneer
               100 million dollars to mr. darwin
               mayflower.

     hawk turns to gaze at the enigmatically familiar figure.
     anna looks up from the phone to do the same.  she
     swerves her attention to the back-turned hawk.

     darwin moves to one of two reserved empty seats as his
     wife, minerva, makes her entrance par excellahnce.  she is
     outrageously dressed with a mammoth tiffany watch that
     extends from her wrist down to, acting as a leash,
     her obnoxious little dog, bunny.

                             minerva
               francesco, 100 million and one.

     darwin, to the crowd's delight, holds his struck heart.

                             darwin
               outbid by my own wench, quelle
               bummere.

                             minerva
               poor baby..... here, bunny.

                             eccentric bald auctioneer
               fan-taas-tic, the bid is at 100
               million and one dollars.

     commencing a slow motion sequence, big stan comes out
     of the nearby office, zipping up his fly.  he immedi-
     ately scopes hawk in the space before the stage.

     the mayflowers lower themselves into their seats with
     devoured canary smiles.

                             eccentric bald auctioneer
               go-ing!

     big stan pulls out his gun, untheatrically, as not to
     cause a scene.  anna sees this and follows big stan's
     eyeline to hawk.

     hawk turns to re-pursue but stops dead at the sight of
     the gloating big stan.

                             eccentric bald auctioneer
               go-ing!

     big stan launches a gallop toward hawk, who spins and
     veers back round up the aisle.

     the mayflowers zero their sights on the activity.

                             eccentric bald auctioneer
               gone!

     the gavel comes down in super slow-motion.

     anna's leg pokes out of the aisle, tripping the guard.

     hawk brakes at the end of the mayflower's row and smiles
     in relief, casually turning to darwin and minerva.

     the gavel continues to come down in super slow-motion.

     both darwin and minerva mayflower suddenly duck down.

     smile vanishing, hawk spins toward the stage.

     the gavel hits.

     breaking out of slow-motion into wide-angle, the entire
     podium explodes sending debris, equestrian pieces, and
     eccentric bald pieces searing into the screaming,
     battered crowd.

     knocked off his feet, hawk gropes into a standing
     position.  he sees the mayflowers make a smooth exit.
     he starts to give chase until he sees a battered anna
     rising from the ground.

     a hanging white tri-star pegasus, cracks from the
     damaged ceiling and swooshes down towards anna.

     hawk bolts upon some auction chairs and makes a flying
     leap.  he slams anna out of the pegasus's pulverizing
     path.  they weary up off the ground and move down the
     aisle, calm in a storm of packed art patrons.

                             anna
               my god, that was bold of you,
               you didn't have to do that...

                             hawk
               forget about it--it was nothing--
               anybody would have done the same
               thing--it's an impulse...

                             anna
               no, i meant you didn't have to
               tackle me and rip my dress.  a
               polite push, perhaps?  a clear
               shout of "watch out, anna"
               would have done nicely...

                             hawk
               excuse me, milady.  i would have
               flown over and carried you up to
               a pink cloud, but i left my cape
               at the cleaners.

     anna touches hawk's lips and laughs.

                             anna
                       ("hey, i was kidding")
               thanks tough guy, thanks a lot.
               why was the guard chasing you?

                             hawk
                       (serious answer?
                        na-a-h?)
               because danger, doc, is my middle...

     before hawk can finish, a hanging horse out of nowhere
     hammers him into the ground and the viewer into
     darkness.

     fade in:

