     int. inside the ambulance

     antony raises up a mammoth gun.

                             hawk
               pretty class way of covering your
               tracks.  i think that auctioneer
               landed at la guardia.

                             antony
               subtlety was never one of our
               strong points.

                             hawk
               neither's flossing.

     a confused antony touches his teeth with his gun hand.
     hawk escapes from one of his straps and launces a nearby
     trayful of syringes into antony's face where they ghoul-
     ishly quiver.  antony fires a wild shot, shattering the
     partition.

     front seat of the ambulance

     the scarfaced bodyguard/driver, now in paramedic white,
     freaks at the starred windshield.

     the brooklyn bridge

     the ambulance bumper-pools off some innocent cars.

     inside the ambulance

     hawk frantically tries to undo his other strap but a
     howling cesar, side-stepping his vibrating-on-the-floor
     brother, latches onto the back of the gurney and wrenches
     it backward.

     outside back of ambulance

     the elevated gurney blasts out the back with a now
     unstrapped but terrified hawk whoa-a-ing atop it.

     the gurney wheels hit the road, sparking.

     a sheet from the gurney, caught on the door, yanks taught
     --hawk is "water skiing" on his stomach atop the elevated
     gurney!

     screeching cars are weirded out by the new vehicle on the
     road.

     the gurney

     battered by wind and fear, hawk clutches to the gurney
     and the sheet with a grit teeth stoneface.

     the sheet is torn from the gurney sending it rocketing
     off to the side on its own crazed volition.

     hawk skis toward a toll booth with a large gate-arm.

                             hawk
               life don't get much better than
               this.

     he then sees he's heading toward an exact change lane.

     whizzing wildly forward on the gurney, hawk scrambles
     into his pocket and wiggles out some change.  he fran-
     tically winnows out some pennies and then maniacally
     flings the change from twenty feet away.

     toll booth

     the change ker-chunks into the basket and hawk and the
     gurney just barely streak underneath the rising gate-arm.

