     ext. familiar piazza--day

     the piazza from the fascist e.u.r. building are bustling
     with office workers laughing, smoking, and hustling.
     darwin, minerva and kaplan are a solid troika in the
     center of the steps.  the other agents stroll in the
     periphery....

                              kaplan
               i just don't think it was a
               smoking hot idea to leave them up
               there alone.

                             minerva
               don't worry george, this is the
               reason we put the old diabetic
               guinea on the payroll to begin
               with.  to keep hawk in line.
               they'll talk about "being buddies"
               and "chugging brewskis."

                             darwin
                       (raising glass)
               you gotta love male bonding.

     as darwin slaps kaplan on the back, behind them, hawk and
     alex come crashing out of the windowed doors of the building.

                              kaplan
               you were saying...

     moving to the edge of the stairs, hawk and alex, latter
     holding his gun, sprout up from their own debris and
     continue savagely brawling.  the wigging out passers-
     by give them space.

                             hawk
               you bastard!  you fucked my
               freedom for a lousy job!

     alex trembles, going into a diabetic seizure.  he shakily
     raises his gun.

                             alex
               hawk... i'm so sorry...

     hawk roars forward like a bull and helmets alex.  they
     roll together down the massive staircase past darwin,
     minerva, and the cia who react with "this can't be
     happening" catatonia.

     two shots go off as hawk and alex crash to the bottom of
     the staircase.  hawk rises up in a daze to see alex on the
     ground with two bloody bullet holes.

                             hawk
               no.....alex!  wake up, you can't
               go out like this.

     hawk falls to his knees as snickers hustles toward him.
     suddenly, sirens are heard as a police van pulls up.
     snickers stops.

     four policemen blast from the back of the van.  one holds
     back the crowd.  one strenuously pulls hawk into the van.
     the other two drag in alex.

     the villains look to each other for non-existent guidance
     as the van pulls away.

                             minerva
               plan b, anyone...

     using initiative, snickers hops on a vespa and roars off
     after them.  the van can be seen swerving off.....

     around a corner

     where it bolts up into a much larger truck marked vatican
     souvenirs.  two seemingly-innocent-bystander priests break
     demeanor to flop up the wheel ramps, slam close the back
     of the truck, lock it shut, and continue on their solemn
     way.

     the truck bellows off as the vespa spins around the corner.
     snickers brakes and looks around for the police van.  he
     hits his handle with frustration.

