     int. vatican library hallway--night

     a burly guard thoughtfully stares at a painting, fingers
     propping his chin like an critic then continues ambling
     on.

     the codex room

     rubbing his head, hawk gives an excited smile as the glass
     cracks of the rectangular case loosen.  hawk pulls out a
     pocket fisherman....

     the viewer's viewpoint moves upward to reveal, through
     the mouth of the room, the burly guard is coming down
     the hall.

     outside the codex room

     burly guard approaches the outskirts of the codex room.
     he combs his hair into the piece of wall in the now
     empty mirror-frame then realizes.

     muttering italian into his walkie-talkie, burly guard
     rushes into the room and looks down to the sensor
     deflecting mirrors.

     he passes a statue, behind which, hawk is revealed to
     be standing.

     burly guard approaches the codex and sees the dripping
     acid.  he also notices a fishing hook attached to the
     binding of the codex.  the fishing wire leads out of
     the glass case.  the guard reaches to touch it when
     suddenly the wire is pulled tightly upward by a
     moving-out-from-behind-the-statue hawk.

     the codex flies off its perch, setting off the alarm and
     sending the bizarre cage/lamp crashing down and around
     the hapless burly guard.  the green gas commences its
     noxious billowing as the codex swooshes into hawk's
     hands.  he then hurls a softball, smashing a window
     on the other side of the room.

     the familiar vatican guard and a guard three barrel
     down into the mouth of the codex room.  only one
     gas mask drops from the doorway.  the vatican guard
     pulls it on and gives a "that's life" shrug of
     shoulders to the fainting guard three.

     hawk puts on the missing gas mask and launches a grapple
     around the ceiling cord of the dropped ornate lighting
     fixture.  hawk then tarzans from one staircase to
     another.  he then ungrapples and heads toward the
     shattered window.

     the vatican guard waits a stunned moment before giving
     chase.

