     int. room of the gold machine

     where the charismatic leonardo da vinci laughs down at
     him.  da vinci wears a pair of very early, very cool sun-
     glasses with his trademark beard.

     he turns and loses his smile, something extraordinary
     reflecting off his glasses.  removing his shades, da
     vinci moves to the something, a gloriously incredible
     machine.  the opening credits reveal its dazzling idio-
     syncrasies.

     two coughing apprentices haplessly try to disperse smoke
     from the still billowing, mysteriously spectacular
     machine.  mirrors attached to parts of it reflect beams
     of light which cut through the smoke like a renaissance
     laser show.

                             da vinci
                       (silencing authority)
               basta vapore.

     the apprentice throws a lever.  a shunt near the furnace
     turns.  steam escapes upwards.  the machine immediately
     slows down.  da vinci oh-so-gently coughs and moves for-
     ward with tongs.

     a little trough - in the machine's innards

     comes to a trembling, mystical halt.  right behind this
     trough is a conplex polyhedron crystal as intricately
     modulated as any rubik stocking stuffer, but much more
     dazzling in beauty.  it gleams like a jewel in the yellow
     glow which pours from a pleasantly grinning demonhead into
     a trough--a glow of heat--and something more than heat.

     the tongs enter the frame.

     da vinci brings the object closer to his face.  a murmur
     goes up from the awestruck apprentices as the master
     peers at the smoking yellow bar.

                             apprentice two
               maestro, che meraviglia!

                             apprentice three
               lei e' proprio fantastico!

     da vinci's pride goes dead as the implications hit.

                             da vinci
               lasciatemi, solo.  solo!

     the apprentices scurry out.  mind reeling, da vinci turns
     his back to the viewer, before a wall of frescoes.

                             da vinci
               l'ho fatto.

     spinning back around, using the edge of his cloak, da
     vinci pulls out the large gleaming crystal with a pop.

