     int. backseat

     hawk yanks his hand from the shredder and grabs the meg-
     lomaniac by the hair and shoves his head down on the
     arm rest.  hawk turns on the piercing siren and darwin's
     eyes try to escape his head with a high pitched scream.
     darwin's entire body bucks wildly.

     darwin back-elbows hawk and moves down for his gun.
     hawk pulls him back by his hair, grabs him by the balls,
     and pushes him upward through the sunroof.

                             darwin
               god-damnit, i only wanted to
               destroy the world in my own image.
               i'm a regular joe...

     darwin pounds his fists on hawk's head as hawk hits the
     sunroof switch sliding it shut on darwin, pinning
     his arms below the roof, but leaving his torso twisting
     in the wind.

     the mural of a happy lenin with his arms outstretched
     looms ahead waiting to greet darwin.

     putting two and two together, darwin loses it....

                             darwin
               not lenin, anybody but lenin.  god,
               let's talk abut this.

     the limousine charges through the double doors and darwin's
     body connects with the mural.

     inside the limo

     hearing the crunch, hawk flips into the front seat and
     brakes the vehicle.  alfred's head bounces against the
     steering wheel.  hawk reaches over with a grin and picks
     up the da vinci model.  he looks to alfred, kaplan
     crunched in the windshield, and darwin's dangling legs.

                             hawk
               wow, this is really gonna hurt the
               resale value...

     the ballroom

     hawk runs up to a woozy anna and helps her up.  she has
     a cross-shaped blood stain on her forehead.

                             hawk
               oh, honey....

     hawk looks to alex, sitting on the stairs, the same way
     he left him.  hawk rushes to him.

                             hawk
               we did it man, we...

     hawk grabs alex's shoulder.  alex falls back.  written
     over his face in red lipstick is really dead.

     engaging a slow motion sequence, minerva saunters behind
     anna, putting on red lipstick.  minerva slams her back
     to the ground.

     hawk howls then turns to see stiff-upper-lip alfred,
     bleeding from the neck.  hawk tries to throw a punch,
     but alfred blocks it and crunches him across the face.

     the da vinci helicopter model bounces down the stairs
     in slow motion and cracks open, revealing the intricate
     mirror of the opening scene.

