14	int -- admitting area -- dusk (1947) 14

	the new fish are marched in. guards unlock the shackles. the
	chains drop away, rattling to the stone floor. 

				hadley 
		eyes front. 

	warden samuel norton strolls forth, a colorless man in a gray
	suit and a church pin in his lapel. he looks like he could 
	piss ice water. he appraises the newcomers with flinty eyes.

				norton 
		this is mr. hadley, captain of the 
		guard. i am mr. norton, the warden. 
		you are sinners and scum, that's 
		why they sent you to me. rule 
		number one: no blaspheming. i'll 
		not have the lord's name taken in 
		vain in my prison. the other rules 
		you'll figure out as you go along. 
		any questions? 

				con 
		when do we eat? 

	cued by norton's glance, hadley steps up to the con and screams
	right in his face: 

				hadley 
		you eat when we say you eat! you 
		piss when we say you piss! you shit 
		when we say you shit! you sleep 
		when we say you sleep! you maggot- 
		dick motherfucker! 

	hadley rams the tip of his club into the con's belly. the 
	man falls to his knees, gasping and clutching himself. 
	hadley takes his place at norton's side again. softly: 

				norton 
		any other questions? 
			(there are none) 
		i believe in two things. discipline 
		and the bible. here, you'll receive 
		both. 
			(holds up a bible) 
		put your faith in the lord. your 
		ass belongs to me. welcome to 
		shawshank. 

				hadley 
		off with them clothes! and i didn't 
		say take all day doing it, did i? 

	the men shed their clothes. within seconds, all stand naked. 

				hadley 
		first man into the shower! 

	hadley shoves the first con into a steel cage open at the 
	front. two guards open up with a fire hose. the con is slammed 
	against the back of the cage, sputtering and hollering. 
	seconds later, the water is cut and the con yanked out. 

				hadley 
		delouse that piece of shit! next 
		man in! 

	the con gets a huge scoop of white delousing powder thrown all
	over him. gasping and coughing, blinking powder from his eyes,
	he gets shoved to a trustee's cage. the trustee slides a short
	stack of items through the slot -- prison clothes and a bible.
	all the men are processed quickly -- a blast of water, powder,
	clothes and a bible... 

