124	ext -- fields -- day (1954) 124

	low hilly terrain all around. a hundred cons are at work in 
	the fields. guards patrol with carbines, keeping a sharp eye.
	we find andy, red, and the boys working with picks and 
	shovels. they glance over to the pickup truck. hadley's 
	chewing the fat with mert and youngblood. a whistle blows. 

				guard 
		water break! five minutes! 

	the work stops. cons head for the pickup truck, where water is
	dispensed with dipper and pail. red and the boys look to andy.
	andy nods. now's the time. the group moves off through the 
	confusion, using it as cover. they head up the slope of a 
	nearby hill and quickly decide on a suitable spot. the 
	guards haven't noticed. 

	jigger and floyd start swinging picks into the soft earth, 
	quickly ripping out a hole. red reaches into his jacket and 
	pulls out a beautiful wooden box, carefully stained and 
	varnished. he shows it around to nods of approval. 

				andy 
		that's real pretty, red. nice work. 

				heywood 
		shovel man in. watch the dirt. 

124 	continued 124
	heywood jumps in and starts spading out the hole. 

125 	by the truck 125

	youngblood glances up and sees the men on the slope. 

				youngblood 
		what the fuck. 

				hadley 
			(follows his gaze) 
		hey.' you men up there.' get your 
		asses off that slope! 
			(works his rifle bolt) 
		you happy assholes gone deaf? you 
		got five seconds 'fore i shoot 
		somebody! 

	suddenly, other cons start breaking away in groups, dozens of
	them heading toward the slope. the guards look around. 

				hadley 
		what am i, talkin' to myself? 

126 	on the slope 126

	andy pulls a towel-wrapped bundle from his jacket and unfolds
	it. jake. andy lays him in the box, followed by brook's 
	letter. red places the casket in the hole. a moment of 
	silence. andy gives red with an encouraging nod. 

				red 
		lord. brooks was a sinner. jake was 
		just a crow. neither was much to 
		look at. both got institutionalized. 
		see what you can do for 'em. amen. 

	muttered "amens" all around. the boys shovel dirt onto the 
	small grave and tamp it down. 

