46	int -- back rooms/stock area -- day (1947) 46

	-- a dark, tangled maze of rooms and corridors, boilers and
	furnaces, sump pumps, old washing machines, pallets of 
	cleaning supplies and detergents, you name it. andy hefts a 
	cardboard drum of hexlite off the stack, turns around -- 

	-- and finds bogs diamond in the aisle. blocking his way.
	rooster looms from the shadows to his right, pete verness
	on the left. a frozen beat. andy slams the hexlite to the
	floor, rips off the top, and scoops out a double handful.

				andy 
		you get this in your eyes, it 
		blinds you. 

				bogs 
		honey, hush. 

	andy backs up, holding them at bay, trying to maneuver through 
	the maze. the sisters keep coming, tense and guarded, eyes 
	riveted and gauging his every move, trying to outflank him. 
	andy trips on some old gaint sugglies. that's all it takes. 
	they're on him in an instant, kicking and stomping. 

	andy gets yanked to his feet. bogs applies a chokehold from 
	behind. they propel him across the room and slam him against 
	an old four-pocket machine, bending him over it. rooster jams 
	a rag into andy's mouth and secures it with a steel pipe, like 
	a horse bit. andy kicks and struggles, but rooster and pete 
	have his arms firmly pinned. bogs whispers in andy's ear: 

				bogs 
		that's it, fight. better that way. 

	andy starts screaming, muffled by the rag. camera pulls back, 
	slowly widening. the big washex blocks our view. all we see 
	is andy's screaming face and the men holding him down... 

	...and camera drifts from the room, leaving the dark place 
	and the dingy act behind...moving up empty corridors, past 
	concrete walls and steel pipes... 

				red (v.o.) 
		i wish i could tell you that andy 
		fought the good fight, and the 
		sisters let him be. i wish i could 
		tell you that, but prison is no 
		fairy-tale world. 

	we emerge into the prison laundry past a guard, widening for 
	a final view of the line. the giant steel "mangler" is 
	slapping down in brutal rhythm. the sound is deafening. 

				red (v.o.) 
		he never said who did it...but we 
		all knew. 

	prison montage: (1947 through 1949) 

47 	andy plods through his days. working. eating. chipping and 47
	shaping his rocks after lights-out... 

				red (v.o.) 
		things went on like that for a 
		while. prison life consists of 
		routine, and then more routine. 

48 	andy walks the yard, face swollen and bruised. 48 

				red (v.o.) 
		every so often, andy would show up 
		with fresh bruises. 

49 	andy eats breakfast. a few tables over, bogs blows him a kiss. 49

				red (v.o.) 
		the sisters kept at him. sometimes 
		he was able to fight them off... 
		sometimes not. 

50 	andy backs into a corner in some dingy part of the prison, 
	wildly swinging a rake at his tormentors. 

				red (v.o.) 
		he always fought, that's what i 
		remember. he fought because he knew 
		if he didn't fight, it would make 
		it that much easier not to fight 
		the next time. 

	the rake connects, snapping off over somebody's skull. they 
	beat the hell out of him. 

				red (v.o.) 
		half the time it landed him in the 
		infirmary... 


