270	int -- prison cell -- night (1966) 270

	red is sleeping. he wakes with a start. 

				red (v.o.) 
		but there are times i curse him for 
		the dreams he left behind... 

	he senses a presence, looks over his shoulder. there's a rita 
	hayworth poster on his wall. he gets out of bed. rita just 

	keeps smiling, inscrutable. as red watches, a brilliant 
	round glow builds behind the poster, shining from the 
	tunnel. the poster rips free, charred to ash in the blink 
	of an eye as a shaft of holy white light stabs into the 
	cell. sunlight. red staggers back against the glare. 

	a whirlwind kicks up, whipping everything into the air. the 
	hole in the wall is like a giant vacuum cleaner -- papers, 
	book, toiletries, bedding -- if it ain't nailed down, it gets 
	sucked down the hole toward the light. red fights it, but the 
	suction drags him closer and closer... 

271 	red's pov 271

	...and camera rockets into the hole, getting sucked down an 
	endless tunnel at impossible speed, the roar of air mixing 
	with his drawn-out scream, closer and closer to the light... 

	...and erupting out the other side into total silence and a 
	beautiful white beach. the pacific ocean before us. enormous. 
	mind-blowing. beautiful beyond description. all we hear now 
	are the gentle sound of waves. 

				red (v.o.) 
		...dreams where i am lost in a warm 
		place with no memory. 

	a lone figure stands at water's edge. camera keeps moving, 
	coming up behind him and tracking around to reveal -- red. 

				red (v.o.) 
		an ocean so big it strikes me dumb. 
		waves so quiet they strike me deaf. 
		sunshine so bright it strikes me 
		blind. it is a place that is blue 
		beyond reason. bluer than can 
		possibly exist. bluer than my mind 
		can possibly grasp. 

272 	aerial shot 272

	nothing for a million miles but beach, sky, and water. red is 
	a tiny speck at water's edge. just another grain of sand. 

				red (v.o.) 
		i am terrified. there is no way home. 

