ext.   via buenos aires - mexico city - day

a wide avenue. the mercedes pulls up parks in the only
open spot. creasy and pinta get out. we walks her
across the street, along the lawn to the apartment
building. they look up at the sound of piano keys
tinkling above. then:

creasy looks at her, smiles to himself.   pinta looks
back.

                          creasy
             continue to play in the wrong key, like
             you're dyslexic.

work in progress 2/10/03                                     61.


                           pinta
            dyslexic?

                         creasy
            like st. jude. a hopeless case that has
            a complete block about 'c' minor. but
            remember, "whoever resists authority will
            bring judgement upon themselves." new
            testament, romans 13.

                         pinta
            you got that right.

                         creasy
            you'll be back in the water in twenty-
            four hours.

creasy presses the buzzer. as they wait, pinta sees
something, reaches down to pull a dandelion from a crack
where the sidewalk meets the wall. she smiles at creasy.

                         pinta
            for you, creasy.

creasy takes it from her. he's saved by the bell as a
second buzzer answers the first. creasy pulls the door
open. pinta heaves a resigned sigh.

                         creasy
            remember 'dyslexic.'

as pinta nods, disappears inside...

                                               dissolve to:

2nd floor window

the curtains rustle in the breeze. the sound of badly
played scales. and then sounds of frustration.

then, the sound of the teacher playing.   pinta appears in
the window for just a moment.

creasy

looking up from the window of the mercedes. as pinta is
called back inside, creasy checks out, twirls the
dandelion pinta gave him. hums to himself. "blue
bayou."

                                               cut to:

work in progress 2/10/03                                       62.


the street

creasy leaning against the mercedes. traffic pounding
by. the dandelion is stuck in a button hole of his
shirt.

and then suddenly traffic thins out. reminiscent of the
previous two kidnappings. it's a process. creasy
straightens up.

a judicial police car cruises by, slowly. creasy makes
eye contact with the two cops up front. the same guys
who were at zona rosa.

creasy starts across the street toward the apartment
building. at the same time as...

the door bangs open. pinta exiting. she spots creasy, a
huge grin on her face. she was not accepted.

and a white toyota corolla coming the other way.

the police car reverses back, cutting creasy off from
pinta. the cops getting out, big smiles on their faces.

the corolla

slides to a stop in front of pinta, blocking her path to
creasy. and as two men leap out from the backseat...

                           creasy
                     (drawing his 9mm)
              run, pinta, run!

but she's rooted with fear.

and the men are almost on her.

creasy raises the 9mm overhead.    bang!

and the sound frees her.   pinta runs!

ducking under a flailing arm.    quick and lithe.   trying
to reach her bodyguard.

the cops drawing uzi's..

creasy plants himself, the sig sauer now level.     he fires
twice into cop one, dead center in the chest.

pinta runs.   chased by the two men.

cop two returns fire wildly: the mercedes hit in a ten
bullet line.

work in progress 2/10/03                                        63.


creasy fires two more rounds into cop two who's hit high
in the chest and throat. precise.

creasy pivots, strides calmly forward, firing at the men
chasing pinta. boom! boom! boom!

man one goes down, hit in the ribs.

a bullet slams creasy in the back, fired from inside the
corolla.

creasy fires back.    boom!    boom!

man three falls dead, hit just below his nose, just above
his teeth. the fat driver fires, now, and creasy is hit
in the shoulder.

and pinta disappears into the traffic.        gone.

man two, who has abandoned chasing pinta, fires again.

creasy drops the 9mm as he is hit in the stomach.      he
falls to his knees.

the dandelion starts to come apart.      drifting away, piece
by piece.

slack-jawed, creasy looks about. sees the fat driver
heaving himself out of the corolla while man two scans
for pinta who's nowhere in sight.

she got away!   creasy smiles even as he crumples over on
his side.

                              pinta's voice
            creasy!

and pinta is back. running toward creasy. she can't
leave him like this. she was safe and now she's back.

                              creasy
            nooo...

she runs to him, wraps her arms around him.

                              pinta
            creasy...

man two catches up, tears pinta away, starts back for the
sedan. creasy can only blink after them.

                              pinta
            creasy!

work in progress 2/10/03                                       64.


it's not a cry for help.     it's anguish for him.

                            creasy
              pinta...

man two crams her in the back seat, follows. the fat
driver gets back in behind the wheel. as the door slams
shut, wheels spin, grip and the corolla accelerates away.

we just see pinta look back through the rear windshield.
an anguished image before she's pulled back down.

creasy makes a wish.     not for himself, but for her.

                           creasy
              don't die, creasy, don't die.

and everything goes very, very,

black

sound breaks through first. the whir and beep of medical
equipment. and we fade back into:

