ext.    corridor - mexico city airport - day

as a 747 is towed by in the background, a man strides at
us. creasy. even in movement, he has a stillness, an
air of isolation. he's set apart from other living
things.

he wears dark sunglasses, carries a well-worn leather
bag. inscrutable. disconnected. a bit frightening.
the discipline of a soldier. the independence of a
gunslinger.

automatic baggage teller (red light, green light).
creasy feeds the machine with his perforated customs
card. light flashes red.

customs man

he flips through creasy's passport. even the stamps have
stamps. thailand. somalia. cuba. columbia. hong
kong. saudi arabia. every country in europe. guy's
been around.

customs looks up from the ink blue american eagle to the
deep matte black of creasy's sunglasses.

note:    italics denotes the lines spoken in spanish.

                           customs
              where are you coming from?

                           creasy
              south america.

                           customs
              where are you staying in mexico?

                           creasy
              i'm on to juarez.

                           customs
              why?

                           creasy
              i have a friend there.

customs looks at creasy a moment. he doesn't look like a
man who has 'friends'. finally, customs smiles.

work in progress 2/10/03                                   7.


                          customs
             i cannot see your eyes, senor.

creasy slips off the sunglasses. his eyes are deserted.
inevitable. customs can only look into them a moment.
he indicates for creasy to put his bags on a conveyor
belt leading to an x-ray machine. creasy lifts his bag
onto the conveyor. the official hits the start button.
the bag drives forward towards the x-ray machine.

creasy pauses, then offers up a license from his wallet.

                             customs
             senor?

                          creasy
             it's a permit to carry a gun in columbia.
             the gun you're about to find in that
             suitcase.

polaroid flash

shot of creasy straight on.     shot of creasy profile.

flash.   fingers being fingerprinted.

jumpcuts - suitcase being stripped and ripped (midnight
express), pack of marlboro, bottle of jack daniels,
glimpse a weathered bible (new testament), intercut with
seven pieces of blue steel separated in different parts
of the bag, ie. toiletries, underwear, lining of
suitcase.

the seven pieces laid together look remarkably like a
well travelled sig sauer 226. creasy smiles.

