hand, all  the bikes,  his included,  drop into  neutral and  rev into
start. their  headlights blaze  as the  helicopter returns,  joined by
another.

                         chopper loudspeaker

       "this is the police, stop your vehicles and surrender!"

suddenly, automatic fire sparks from the unseen helicopters. a  bullet
trail stitches its way  across a pair of  bikers, sending them to  the
ground as the helicopters fly overhead.

gregory cranks down on the throttle and his bike explodes ahead.


ext. highway

the pack splits  up in two  directions as the  distant choppers circle
back. gregory cuts the lights on  his bike and follows the highway  by
starlight.


int. helicopter cockpit

tinny radio chatter fills the  red-lit cockpit over the steady  hum of
the  engines. the  nose of  the chopper  points to  the ground  as  it
focuses on gregory and chandra, who are ripping down the highway.

cu on the cockpit instruments, centered on the airspeed indicator. the
needle is pushing to the max, going through 150 knots.

                             pilot (v.o.)

                   "holy shit, he’s outrunning us."

                                                               cut to:


ext. highway

gregory is pasted down to the  tank of his bike with chandra  gripping
him for her life. the slipstream pulls his lips open and tears  streak
from his eyes as his bike redlines in fifth gear. the helicopters grow
smaller behind them. they break chase.

chandra looks back and sees the lights turn away. she screams over the
wind and the roar.

                               chandra

                           "they’re gone!"

               gregory is staring down a dark highway.

                               gregory

                          "can’t see shit."

he turns the headlights  back on, just in  time to see a  roadblock of
heavy duty military trucks. in front  of the trucks is a sandbag  wall
manned by soldiers. the trucks are flanked by police cars. and if  one
looks closely enough, they  can see a pair  of agents standing to  the
side.

the stunned soldiers have time to fire off a couple shots as they  run
frantically to get  out of the  way of the  bike, 800 pounds  of metal
flying at 150 miles per hour.

gregory  plows  into the  sandbag  wall, directly  between  two parked
trucks. the wall parts in  an explosion of sand and  sandbags. they’re
through, but the bike scissors  uncontrollably, until it rolls and  we
