ext. desert highway (night)

far off  in the  distance, the  glow of  motorcycle headlights  racing
toward us. as we zoom out and focus in, they are already too close  to
avoid.  they  rip  by  us, thundering  explosions  and  men  and women
cheering.

the pack of about ten bikers and their women don’t wear helmets.  they
fly down the highway using both lanes, drinking and driving with total
abandon.


angle on the lead  motorcycle, a massive, custom-made  harley. gregory
lowfield, thomas j. anderson without  a desk job, without cares,  revs
his bike and locks  the accelerator. he hands  his beer to the  blonde
who rides behind him, then, in one swift motion, jumps up on his seat,
leaning into the slipstream.

                       the feat is impossible.

his girlfriend,  chandra, screams  at him  as she  grasps the seat and
lowers herself to the bike.

                               chandra

                    "greg, are you fucking crazy?"

                                 greg

                       "yes. but don’t worry."

she clings to  his legs as  they barrel down  the highway. they  blast
pass a darkened cruiser.


int. cruiser

the cop sets his paper down just long enough to catch a glimpse of the
pack exploding down the highway, with gregory surfing his bike.

angle on: the radar gun. it’s flashing 125 mph

                                 cop

                    "holy shit. drunk ass punks."


ext. highway

gregory is facing us as he  drops back into his seat, taking  his beer
on cue from chandra. behind them, the cop’s lights flare up.

                               gregory

              "oh boy. stop, stop, let’s have some fun."


int. cop car

we look  through the  windshield as  the cop  drives down the highway,
calling in his  stop-vehicle report. he  suddenly sees something  that
makes him slam on the brakes.

                                 cop

                             "holy shit!"

angle through the  cop’s windshield. the  ten bikers, with  gregory at
their center, are  parked in the  middle of the  road, looking at  him
casually."


ext. road

the cruiser comes to  a stop mere inches  from gregory’s leg. the  cop
bursts out of the door.

                                 cop

                    "what the hell are you doing?"

                               gregory

 "we’ll tell you when to stop, little man. not the other way around."

                                 cop

                               "fuck."

he dives back into his cruiser, reaching for the radio. gregory  pulls
a huge silver .44 from his jacket and fires. the cruiser’s antenna  is
blown off at the  base, and the nine-foot  whip flips onto the  ground
with a metallic clang.


int. cruiser

the cop is  lying half-on the  seat, taking cover.  the handset relays
only static. he reaches for his gun, but is frozen by gregory’s voice.

                               gregory

  "don’t try anything stupid, man. i gotta bead on your donut-eating
                                ass."


ext. cruiser

                 the cop comes out with his hands up.

                                 cop

                       "whaddya want with me?"

                               gregory

"i don’t know. i just thought i’d find out what you wanted without you
                shooting at me. so, what do you want?"

the cop is a tough one. far taller than gregory, muscular and serious.

                                 cop

                      "you’re all under arrest."

the pack explodes with laughter. gregory walks up to the policeman and
circles him, keeping the gun pointed in the business direction.

                               gregory

 "this is your lucky day, officer. we’re gonna give you a night off."

chandra walks up to him. seductively, she hands him the bottle of hard
liquour.

                               chandra

                               "drink."

when  he  pauses,   gregory  places  the   gun  against  his   temple.
reluctantly, the big cop starts to gulp down the alcohol.

gregory lowers the gun. he and chandra return to their motorcycle.

                               gregory

                    "you never even saw us, man."

                               chandra

                          "keep the bottle."

they start their bikes and are gone, like ghosts, into the shadows  of
the road.

                                                               cut to:


ext. beach

a campfire blazes only a few  feet away from the high tide.  a billion
stars shine overhead as gregory and his biker gang, including the cop,
sit or  lie around  the fire.  a few  people are  still awake, and one
picks drunkenly at a guitar.

gregory stands,  throws a  blanket over  his shoulder,  and scoops  up
chandra. they make their way into the dunes.


ext. dunes

gregory  and  chandra  lie  on  the  blanket,  staring  at  the   sky.
inexplicably, gregroy holds a hand toward the sky.

                               gregory

                       "which one do you want?"

                               chandra

                    "any one. it doesn’t matter."

with his hand pointed lazily at the sky, a single star starts  glowing
stronger  and stronger.  it vibrates,  then fades  suddenly and  comes
loose from the sky, and becomes a meteorite, burning across the sky.

        chandra draws closer to him, enraptured by his power.

                               chandra

                     "how do you do it, gregory?"

                               gregory

   "i don’t know. sometimes it feels like... i’m reaching beyond the
                               world."

his hand drops and his head turns. he sits up, startled by something.

                               chandra

                            "what is it?"

            gregory holds up a hand for her to be silent.

                               gregory

                 "they found us. can’t you hear it?"

                               chandra

                    "what? i don’t hear anything."

                               gregory

  "we can only rebel so long. we can only push until they will hit
                                back."

                               chandra

                     "they? the men in black?"

cu on gregory. in the distance, the faintest sound of a helicopter can
                      be heard, growing louder.

                               gregory

                      "fuck! get to the bikes."


ext. campfire

gregory bursts over the hill, holding hands with chandra as they  run.
he’s only had  time to through  on his boots  and boxers and  grab his
.44. chandra is  dressed only in  her underwear and  gregory’s leather
jacket.

                               gregory

            "wake up! get on your bikes and fucking ride!"

his gang burst to their feet. they scramble through the dunes, heading
for their bikes.

a helicopter, seen only by it’s massively strong search lamp, and  the
wind from its  rotors blowing sand  everywhere, flies up  and over the
dunes, buzzing the running pack, blowing some off their feet.

gregory mounts his bike and chandra jumps on back. with a wave of  his
