attack, smith turns a block into a palm-heel that hits gregory in  the
forehead with  the force  of a  cannon blast.  momentarily stunned, he
steps back enough for smith to perform a roundhouse kick. it’s like  a
helicopter blade, smashing into gregory’s head and sending him to  the
ground in a heap.

                                smith

                     "ready to change your mind?"

cu: gregory

he can’t  respond very  well. blood  fills his  mouth and  his face is
mashed. a huge welt grows under  the loafer mark left by smith  on the
right side of his face.

                    smith crouches down by gregory

                                smith

               "i can teach you to beat me, you know."

                       this interests gregory.

                                smith

       "help us, and both you and her will be free afterward."

gregory  stares  at the  ground,  then gazes  past  smith at  chandra.
finally, he starts to rise. smith offers a hand, and gregory takes it.

                                smith

"you know it, don’t you? that there’s more to your world than what you
              can see, what you can rationally explain?"

                               gregory

                               "yeah."

                                smith

"i’m going to teach you how to use the powers you can’t even imagine.
               but first, you need to learn to fight."

smith puts his hand to his earpiece. gregory’s eyes close and his body
spasms. he falls to the ground, breathless, and when his eyes open, he
stares up at smith.

                               gregory

                       "holy shit. what the -"

he stares at his hands. he sits up, and watches his hands, amazed,  as
he goes through a series of  block-punches. he stops and stares up  at
smith.

                               gregory

                           i know kung-fu."

                             smith grins.


