ext. mountain top, late day (construct)

trinity sits alone on the tip of an impossibly high finger of rock. it
looks like it sits on the rooftop of the world. all around her, as far
as the eye can see, lie mountains. their snow-capped peaks are pink in
the sunset light.

she looks into the sunset. heavy thoughts weigh on her mind.

a hand appears on her shoulder. it’s neo. how he got on the finger  of
rock is anyone’s guess.

                                 neo

                                "boo."

trinity grins slightly and pulls on his arm. there is only enough room
for one on the end of the rock, so he sits down behind her.

                               trinity

                      "don’t lose your balance."

                                 neo

                     "it doesn’t matter if i do."

                               trinity

                          "so, you can fly."

                                 neo

                                "yes."

                               trinity

                        "do you think i can?"

                                 neo

       "i think you can do anything you want, if you believe."

                               trinity

                             "like you?"

                                 neo

         "i don’t know. i don’t know exactly what i can do."

                         trinity half turns.

                               trinity

                     "will you teach me to fly?"

                                 neo

                       "i don’t know if i can."

                               trinity

                      "free your mind of doubt."

neo stands, and steps in front of trinity. he’s on the very, very edge
of the rock.  he extends his  hand down to  her. she grabs  it, and he
hauls her up. her eyes dart to the ground, thousands of feet below the
finger.

                               trinity

          "in this construct program, the ground can kill."

                                 neo

                    "i won’t let you fall. ever."

they look  into each  other’s eyes.  despite the  trauma they’ve  been
through, and not even truly knowing one another, there’s a connection.

neo suddenly backs away. he walks on the air with perfect traction, as
though he’s on an invisible plane of glass. he leaves trinity standing
precariously on  the edge,  wobbling a  bit as  she maintains  balance
against  nerves.  she  breathes  deep,  and  looks  back  up  at  neo,
maintaining her cool even as she eyes the spectacle.

neo stands a few  feet away from her,  completely at ease as  the high
altitude winds ruffle his hair.

neo extends a hand to her.

                                 neo

"it’s not real, trinity. you’re not standing there. step out. i can do
                          it. you can, too."


with one last  glance at the  infinite drop, she  steadies herself and
stares straight into his eyes. blue meet brown. breathless, she  steps
straight out.

she takes one step in the  air. for a breathless second, as  she steps
off the edge,  she is stable.  when she takes  her foot off  the edge,
though, she sways,  and her foot  slips, as though  she’s on a  greasy
surface bobbing up and down. she corrects herself, tries another step,
sags further.

                               trinity

                               "shit."

she glances down, then locks eyes with neo. then drops like an anvil.



                                 neo

                              "whoops."

he  dives down,  shooting like  a missile.  trinity is  calm, falling
backwards, watching neo  come for her.  the rocky ground  looms behind
her. she makes no effort to reach for neo as he draws close to her. he
reaches for her with all his might.

                                 neo

                              "grab me!"

trinity makes no effort to save herself, even as collision is  seconds
away. she stares at him intently.

                                 neo

                           "grab on to me!"

seeing she is doing  nothing, he goes beneath  her and scoops her  up,
superman  style.  he  barely accomplishes  this  before  he slows  and
settles onto the rocky ground.

they are in a twilight glade shaded by the mountains.

                                 neo

                   "what the hell were you doing?"

         trinity smiles slightly. her madness has a purpose.

                               trinity

                         "showing you, neo."

                                 neo

        "showing me what? you nearly gave me a heart attack."

                               trinity

          "i want you to know how much faith i have in you."

                                 neo

              "oh. and this requires acts of insanity?"

trinity smiles. she looks him up and down. she moves intimately close.

                    "so, you really are superman."

                                 neo

                     "only when i’m plugged in."

 trinity steps away. neo grabs her shoulder and turns her to him. he
                              attempts a

     kiss, but she turns her face, letting it land on her cheek.

                                 neo

                               "what?"

              trinity looks at him, then up at the sky.

                               trinity

                   "it’s not you. just, not here."

           neo doesn’t understand. trinity rolls her eyes.

                               trinity

  "they’re watching us, you big dope. do you know how horny computer
                             geeks get?"


int. main bridge

choi,  razor,  dujour, and  circa  are sitting  around  the operator’s
console, feet up, eating. on the screens are patchy images of  trinity
and neo standing together in  the glade. it’s like they’re  watching a
soap opera.

trinity and neo are looking in their direction.

on the interface chairs, the bodies of trinity and neo lay supine.


ext. glade (construct)

                    trinity grabs neo by the arm.

                               trinity

                             "over here."

                   she leads him into the shadows.


int. main bridge

the voyeuristic crewmembers collectively groan as the lovers disappear
off the screen and into the darkness.

razor puts his hand on circa’s shoulder and sighs.

                                razor

                            "so romantic."

circa calmly pats his hand and removes it, holding it in front of him.

                                circa

    "i’m sure mary palmer will appreciate your mood more than i."


ext. glade (construct)

in the blue twilight shade, neo and trinity kiss tentatively,  slowly,
then quicker as  they give in  to their feelings  for one another.  we
move around them slowly, then pan into the shadows, a natural fadeout.


int. office (matrix)

agents  jones and  brown sit  across from  each other,  a steel  table
between them.  they stare  at each  other for  what seems  like a long
time. there is a speaker phone in the middle of the table amidst  neat
stacks of file folders.

                             agent jones

                      "our defeat is worrisome."

                             agent brown

                  "as is the loss of our colleague."

  they are both seething with anger. agent jones grinds his molars.

                                jones

            "we can’t defeat them. you saw what happened."

                                jones

              "we have a backup copy of agent smith..."

 jones stands and walks toward the massive panoramic window. the city
                         spreads before him.

                                jones

"a backup is not good enough. we need to upgrade ourselves to meet the
                             new threat."

                   brown opens a large file folder.

                                brown

   "he’s being rebuilt. but i have an alternate plan. why fight the
             humans, when we can let them fight for us?"

                                jones

 "the terrorists have learned to bend our reality in ways we cannot.
                  this was the cause of our defeat."

                                brown

 "mr. thomas j. anderson is not unique. over the decades, many humans
 have developed... techniques for manipulating the matrix. techniques
     too primitive for us to understand. most never realize their
potential, but all the ones we’ve noticed exhibiting these talents are
                           recorded here."

angle on the book as brown flips through. street shots of people  from
all walks of life. young rebels, corporate suits, junkies, housewives.

                     jones turns on agent brown.

                                jones

                    "do you have anyone in mind?"

angle on the book. it stops  on a page dedicated to someone  who looks
like neo, but with long hair and an extremely bad attitude. there  are
photos of him on  a motorcycle with a  blonde, photos of him  drinking
with his gang friends.

                                brown

  "gregory lowfield. he exhibits the traits we saw in mr. anderson."

                          man’s voice (o.s.)

  "mr. anderson no longer exists. our enemy now is the one called...
                               neo."

                          angle on: the door

agent smith walks in, grinning. there  is a new swag to his  walk, and
his hair is longer, tied back.

                                brown

                       "you’ve been recreated."

smith flexes his arm, examines his hands, and feels his hair.

                                jones

                      "and you have more hair."

smith turns to him, examines the photos on the table. they lock  eyes.
on  the same  wavelength, they  transfer knowledge  without speaking.
smith looks at the photo on the table.

                                smith

    "i know what you’re thinking. what we need is our own neo..."

                                jones

                         "if it’s possible."

                                smith

                       "i’ll make it possible."

we zoom in on the grainy photo of neo’s doppledanger. quiet at  first,
growing  louder as  it grows  dark, we  here the  rumble and  roar of
motorcycles.


