up into  the chin  of his  jaw! it  snaps neo’s  back with  a spray of
blood.


ext. rooftop

morpheus and niobe stare on as the fight rages.



morpheus grips  the edge  of the  brick wall  edge. the stone crumbles
under the tension.

                               morpheus

                         "we can only watch."


ext. plaza

the assault on neo continues. he struggles, unable to concentrate long
enough to find a way to fight back.


int. main deck

razor bangs away at the keyboard.

                                razor

"four fucking agents, no wonder so much processing power is devoted to
                                them."


ext. roof

a  bird flying  by niobe  and morpheus  slows its  flight, slows  its
flapping, and freezes.

cu: morpheus. a pink lightning  bolt freezes as it streaks  across the
sky, sealing the world’s light in an a light rouge.


ext. city street

near the  plaza, panicked  civilians slow,  and fall  to the ground as
though they’re passing out.


int. main deck

          razor stares at the data pouring down the screens.

                                razor

                         "no goddamned way."

                        his headphone chimes.

                                razor

                             "operator."


ext. roof

                       morpheus is on the phone


                               morpheus

                     "what the hell’s going on?"


int. main deck

                                razor

"they’re putting all the coppertops to sleep. they froze the matrix."

                               morpheus

                                "why?"

                                razor

  "all processing power is being re-diverted to the agent program."

      niobe stands at the edge of the building and points down.

                                niobe

                          "morpheus, look!"

    down on the ground below them, there’s a swarm of agent smiths


ext. street

the passed-out people stand, and one by one, morph into agent  smiths.
it happens over, and over,  until dozens, then hundreds, are  marching
on the plaza.


ext. plaza

neo reaches back and puts his hands on either side of smith’s head. as
he’s  being pummeled  from the  front, he  squeezes and  screams. his
screams are mixed with smith’s. the agent’s head deforms as we’re hear
a sickening  crack. suddenly,  the body  reverts back  to that  of the
original owner, a security guard, and the head simply explodes.

the  hold broken,  neo stumbles  back over  the body,  with the  three
smiths in pursuit. he somersaults, comes up on his feet, and jumps  to
the left, putting one smith in front of the other two. he attacks, his
killing blows destroying smith, smashing through his blocks. he falls,
and neo takes on the other two, giving a kick jump that knocks both of
them away in one shot.

as he comes  down, a wall  of smith’s converges  from all sides.  they
stop, leaving a circle around him.

we pan back to view a sea of black-suited smiths flooding the plaza.

cu: neo

as  his hand  passes over  his face,  it is  refreshed, anew,  perfect
again. he surveys the wall-to-wall smiths.

smith talks with his voice, times a thousand.

                                smith

       "neo, leave the matrix. you know not what you’re doing."

                                 neo

                        "well, is that right?"

he turns  to the  metacortex building.  it’s repairing,  growing steel
girders and concrete skin.

                         neo’s face darkens.

                                 neo

                                "no!"

reality shimmers as  his anger strikes  out at the  building. the tops
floors burn, and then explode.  the explosion rips down the  building,
slowing, slowing, then stopping.

thousands of smiths  are gazing up  at the building,  concentrating on
combating neo’s attack.


ext. roof

gregory sees the building exploding,  and runs. he smashes through  an
access door.

int. stairway

gregory hurtles down the stairs, one at a time.


ext. metacortex building

the building is frozen, mid-explosion.  tons of pieces hanging in  the
air, suspended only by frozen tendrils  of fire and arms of smoke  and
debris.

the smiths attack neo. they fight  in a massive melee, dying in  mass.
meanwhile, the metacortex building pulls back together, the damage and
flame disappearing as time/space around it is reversed.

                                                               cut to:


ext. rooftop

cu: agent brown

with  his hand  on his  ear piece,  he comes  out the  elevator door,
slowly. pistol drawn, he looks around the corner.

morpheus and niobe stand there, their backs to him.

without hesitating, he advances on them, blasting away with impunity.

the bodies of morpheus and  niobe are wracked by gunfire  and collapse
in a heap of bullet-ravaged flesh.

brown  walks  up  to the  corpses  and  kicks one  with  his  shoe. it
shimmers, and then disappears, followed by the other.


int. main deck

              razor dials the phone. morpheus picks up.

                           morpheus (v.o.)

                                "yes."

                                razor

                    "they’re hitting your ghosts."

             massive attack of static bursts on the line.

                                razor

                            "what the - "

                         the line goes dead.


ext. rooftop

morpheus looks  at the  phone and  redials. razor  comes through,  his
voice digitized and distorted.

                                razor

