the defeat of agent smith. the slipstream whistles violently into  the
interior  of the  ship, and  the crew  is cold,  tired, haggard,   and
stressed beyond  belief as  they can  only watch  the action in  their
knocked-out ship.

                      morpheus is on a headset.

                               morpheus

                      "niobe, they’re closing."

                                niobe

                             "how many?"

                               morpheus

              "just a few. maybe two or three. hundred."


int. sephora cockpit

niobe, as regal as she is beautiful, sits at the controls of her  ship
with her co-pilot, a younger female. all visible dials are redlined as
they streak over the dark surface.

                                niobe

               "you’ve got a gift for understatement."


int. freedom cockpit

the  freedom’s captain,  a silhouette  in a  dark cockpit,  is flying
blind. his cockpit is awash in the blue flares from niobe’s ship.

his lieutenant, a shadowy female figure, reaches for the radar screen.
as she does, we see her  bare shoulder fall into view, a  white rabbit
tattoo is conspicuous.

they switch their screens to the radar, squiddies right on their ass.

                                 man

       "oh shit, we’re screwed. we gotta set down and emp ‘em."

                             niobe (v.o.)

                             "too many!"


ext. freedom hull

a racing squiddies  reaches the hull  and latches on,  striking up its
cutting laser and ripping into the hull.


int. sephora cockpit

                              man (v.o.)

                 "they’re on me! shit! losing power!"

niobe’s lieutenant, a muscular asian woman, circa, notes something  on
a console.

                                circa

                      "multiple bogies closing!"

                                niobe

                              "no shit."

                                circa

                          "from the front!"

niobe is grim faced as she peers into the sky ahead. several  objects
are closing in fast.

                                circa

                            "are they - "

she doesn't have time to finish the question, as the oncoming fighters
launch a massive  volley of missiles.  from afar, they  look like dark
irises  surrounded by  a corona  of flame.  at first,  we can't   tell
exactly what they  are, until their  fiery trails rip  straight at the
sephora cockpit.

circa ducks as the missiles harmlessly streak by.


int. neb cockpit

a massive  swarm off  missiles blasts  by the  cockpit. the individual
warheads  swerve  at  the last  second,  blowing  squiddies apart,  or
casting them to the ground aflame.


int. sephora cockpit

niobe breathes a sigh of relief. her lieutenant looks back up to see a
wing of hover fighters - 'defenders' fly past their ship. sleek,  with
huge blue flares from their engines, they're gunship fighters armed to
the teeth with missiles and laser turrets studding the fuselage.

                                niobe

                           "they're ours."

                         defender one (v.o.)

          "hold on, folks, you're in for a little cleaning."


ext. the surface

the wing  of defenders  makes short  work of  the squiddies.  the half
dozen clinging to freedom's hull  are picked off by well-placed  laser
