5   ext. vacant cliffside pulloff/viewing area - evening - cont         5

    a couple of final, metal-crunching flips send the suv's
    undercarriage crashing to a violent stop on top of a rickety
    wood beam-mounted guardrail.

    a silent beat.    then -- steam billows from the hood...

6   inside the suv                                                      6

    airbags deflate. dust settles. blood streams from jeff's
    hairline. his eyes flutter open.

                                                 (continued)   d.j. caruso

                                                                       5.

6   continued:                                                              6

    he looks up to kale, strapped in the passenger seat,
    unconscious. a small gash on his forehead. we only see
    blue sky through kale's shattered passenger window.

                              jeff
                 kale?   -- kale, are you okay?

    kale opens his eyes.       jeff reaches up, touches kale's face.

                               kale
                 i think so.

    kale looks down at his dad -- his eyes widen in horror, not
    only at the sight of jeff, but of the ravine beneath them --

    for this brief moment, we may have thought the suv was stable.
    but we crane back up and out kale's passenger window to reveal
    a much grimmer reality: the suv is perched lengthwise on top
    of the guardrail at a 45-degree downward angle.

    the suv's right front and rear tires precariously grip the
    rail, keeping it from plunging 500 feet to the ravine below.

7   back inside the suv                                                     7

                             kale
                 oh my god, dad --

    -- jeff's leg is trapped beneath the crumpled dashboard.

                             jeff
                 i'm fine. but you're gonna have to
                 climb out, kale. can you do that?

    kale's hands shake from the shock as his fingers search for
    the seatbelt buckle. but the shoulder strap is locked in
    place, preventing kale from turning. he tugs it furiously.

                             kale
                 i can't -- it won't give --

                             jeff
                 that's okay, i've got it -- grab the
                 door, i don't need your ass falling
                 on my face --

    kale reaches up, grips the outside of the door as

    jeff's hand

    shakily reaches to kale's seatbelt buckle and presses. kale's
    belt snaps loose. kale's body drops, but he hangs on to the
    window -- just as a

    guardrail beam snaps loose from its foundation!

                                                  (continued)   d.j. caruso

                                                                        6.

7   continued:                                                               7

    the suv rocks violently as the guardrail starts to bend and
    peel away from the cliffside under the suv's weight.

8   inside the suv - jeff                                                    8

    reaches up, grabs kale's legs and pushes, helping kale climb
    out the window.

9   outside the suv - kale                                                   9

    slowly slides down the outside of the door, then turns around
    on his chest, reaches his hand back down to jeff --

                                kale
                 dad, here --

    jeff reaches up as a

    section of guardrail rivets

    a few inches behind the suv's rear bumper suddenly pop loose.
    the guardrail snaps in two!

    kale screams, hangs on for dear life as the guardrail and
    suv swing out and over the ravine.

    the guardrail is buckling fast. another beam rips free of
    its foundation -- kale slides a few more inches down the
    door and right front fender allowing

    his feet

    to find the edge of the foundering rail underneath.        having
    at least some footing, kale reaches back inside --

                             kale (cont'd)
                 dad, please, you can do it --

    jeff unbuckles his belt and reaches up. kale summons his
    strength, grabs jeff's wrist, pulls him up and through the
    passenger window just as the

    suv falls away!

    jeff's weight pulls kale down. kale's feet slip off the
    rail. kale slams chest down, his torso wrapping around the
    top of the rail, feet dangling... but he's still clutching
    jeff's wrist as the suv crashes into the ravine in a mushroom
    cloud of dust and debris.

    jeff's wrist

    slips from kale's grasp. kale struggles to hang on, but
    he's losing the battle and the balancing act. and he knows
    it. tears well in kale's eyes.

                                                 (continued)     d.j. caruso

                                                                     7.

9    continued:                                                           9

                              jeff
                  kale, you have to climb up --

                              kale
                  no -- i'm not leaving --

                              jeff
                  kale --

     another guardrail beam uproots --

                              kale
                  no -- dad, please, i've got you --

                              jeff
                      (with a slight smile)
                  i know --

     cu - jeff's left hand enters frame, clasps kale's. another
     beat of eyes on eyes. the guardrail continues to buckle.
     then -- jeff starts to pry kale's hand away --

     jeff's arm releases from kale's grip.    kale opens his mouth
     to scream as a shrill bell rings!

