     int. building/a large space - continuous

     tight on manila folder stamped

                        top secret - umbra
                 handle via comint channels only
                      hand carry - no copies

     a skinny man clutches the folder, walking by endless
     cubicles of high-tech industriousness. he stops where
     an analyst types on a terminal near a retinal scanner.
     the analyst opens the folder to see a request for a
     priority wrap on robert dean, followed by a social
     security number. the analyst enters in the number.

     a montage of images gaining in speed--

     close on computer screens showing in the harvesting of
     dean's electrical identity. his phone bills scroll by.
     names, addresses, employment people called--

     months, years flashing by quickly. other data banks are
     probed. insurance policies, credit histories, video
     rentals, library checkouts, school transcripts, atm
     transactions, tax returns...everything. irregularities
     are red-flagged.

     a matching zavitz item is found. dean's banking info is
     red-flagged. he has large cash withdrawals with no
     matching purchases. his withdrawal dates match up with
     unaccounted-for cash deposits...

     ...in rachel banks' savings account.

     close on printer. conclusions spill out labeled "risk".
     more probes are recommended into the rachel banks/robert
     dean money connection.

     close on eye being scanned - we hear a tone.

     pull back to a pregnant woman sitting with her head
     pressed to the scanner. a second verification tone
     sounds. a poster above her work station reads:

                        in a digital world
                  numbers don't lie - people do

     she enters a phone number in her terminal. the computer
     dials. she waits, snacking on rice cakes. finally,
     another computer answers. on screen appears: pac-tel
     testing board. the screen fills with choices. she
     highlights -

                  at&t line-verification request
                        log-in access code

     she enters another command. a new prompt reads: enter
     line request number.

     eyeing dean's folder, she enters the phone number and
     commands "enter". "record".

     the telephone tap is instant.

     a voice graph appears in-sync with conversation now
     coming over the speakers.

                        dean (o.s.)
               (mid-conversation, over speakers)
            diane's instinct is that it's sabre
            rattling. i think they're gonna
            file suit.

     she enters more commands. an automated-voice-transcriber
     kicks in. dean's conversation is now transcribed
     automatically.

