     int. building corridor - night

     dean races for the stairwell two steps at a time. he
     hears the sound of a door opening somewhere below.

                        voice (o.s.)
            303 to 301. floor one secured.
            moving to two.

     dean retreats upward, then he hears someone coming down.
     trapped. he opens the door on '3' and is about to run
     when he sees a security camera directly above.

     grabbing a fire extinguisher, he pulls the pin. spray
     coats the lens. then he yanks a fire alarm. a horn blares.

     dean runs for the second stairwell when he sees jones
     stepping out. dean looks back at the stairwell he left.
     that door's opening as well.

     trapped.

     using the extinguisher, dean smashes the glass door to
     an office and goes inside. jones starts to enter when a
     shot rips into the wall, convincing him otherwise. he
     retreats as the blaring fire alarm stops.

     dean races through the suite of offices trying locked
     door after locked door. finally, one opens and he
     rushes in and tries to lock it behind himself.

     no lock.

     he sees the men and they see him. he slides a desk
     against the door, then backs away, pistol ready.

                        jones (o.s.)
               (disturbingly calm)
            open the door, mr. dean. there's
            nowhere to go. we'd just like to talk.

     seeing a phone, dean grabs it.

     no tone. just a recording of nancy sinatra's song
     "these boots are made for walking".

                        jones (o.s.)
            it'd be easier for all of us if you
            just come out. nothing'll happen.

     dean heaves a coffee table up on the desk.

                        jones (o.s.)
            it's quite hopeless what you're
            doing, mr. dean.

                        dean
            i swear to god i'll shoot.

                        jones (o.s.)
               (chuckling)
            i think you might be over-reacting
            there, mr. dean. we just want to talk.

                        dean
            go ahead. i hear you fine.

     the door pushes in--

                        dean (cont'd)
            i said i'll shoot!

     the door keeps pushing.

     dean fires high.

     the pushing stops.

     then dean hears the distant sound of sirens approaching.
     dean rips off his sweater, takes out a lighter, and
     sets the sweater on fire.

     he throws it into a garbage can and tosses styrofoam
     cups in on top of it.

     the pushing starts again, but before dean can fire, a
     small cylindrical device drops into the room.

     a stun grenade.

     dean ducks as a blinding flash rocks the room.

     the window is blown open. smoke billows out. dean,
     temporarily blinded and deaf, struggles to a ledge as
     fire engines arrive.

