ext. forest glade

smith and gregory fight in the glade. smith is always one step  ahead.
he is a cruel  sensei, and doesn’t pull  punches. but with every  blow
gregory takes, he rebounds and attacks again.

finally, just as  he seems to  be gaining on  smith, he takes  a rapid
fire series  of blows,  and collapses  to the  ground, breathless  and
beaten.

                               gregory

                               "fuck."

                          smith circles him.

                                smith

 "pain is only weakness leaving your body. when you are sufficiently
                   strong, you will feel no pain."

                               gregory

   "tell me about what is happening. what’s wrong with the world?"

                                smith

                         "get up and fight."

gregory gets to his feet and takes a stance. smith stares at him  from
a relaxed poise. he slaps at gregory, who deflects the blow and  takes
a jab, nearly hitting smith on the chin. they circle.

                                smith

                     "the world is not for you."

              he slaps, has it deflected, dodges a blow.

                               gregory

                         "what do you mean?"

                                smith

 "you’re not human, gregory. that’s why you don’t fit in. that’s why
                      you have certain powers."

    gregory takes a swipe. they engage, then push off one another.

                               gregory

                  "what, am i from planet krypton?"

                                smith

  "not quite. but as humans continue to evolve, some are developing
    capabilities beyond those of the average man. reality-altering
 abilities. i have them. others in the agency have them. and you have
    them, too. we’re all that stands between law and order, and a
       terrorist dictatorship lead by the one called morpheus."

                   they stop fighting for a moment.

                                smith

   "we need you to stop the terror. we need you to save our world."



             it sinks in. gregory is starting to believe.

                                smith

   "we need you, because you’re better than me. now push past your
 abilities. you can turn you imagination into reality. see your hands
        striking me, see yourself overcoming me. fight, boy!"

smith comes at him, and gregory responds. their fists and kicks are  a
fast, then turn  into a blur.  gregory can’t believe  his own actions.
smith misses  a block,  and gregory  blows him  backward with  a chest
punch.

smith, recovering, looks up. gregory looks around. chandra is gone.

                               gregory

                           "where is she?"

smith stands. from behind his back he produces a baseball sized  glass
ball. he tosses it to gregory.

                                smith

                               "here."

gregory looks in the ball.  it’s a window to an  apartment overlooking
the city. chandra is in bed, waking up.

                                smith

    "she doesn’t remember our encounter. she’s fine. don’t worry."

                         the ball disappears.

                 smith puts his hand to his earpiece.


