ext. booth (matrix) - sunset

morpheus disappears for a second, then reappears. now he is  perfectly
clean, and immaculately dressed. he replaces his sunglasses and  kicks
through  the remains  of the  booth, walking  toward the  fight as  he
produces new weapons, heavy with ammo, from his long coat.

razor keeps  swinging at  smith -  and missing.  seeing his chance, he
runs back for the ringing  phone. smith pursues, almost on  razor when
the neo-samurai jumps in the  air and pirouhettes, swinging one  sword
after another, like a helicopter blade from hell.

in the liquid  world of slo-mo,  the short sword  cuts through smith’s
outstretched fingers, sending them  flying. the long sword  grazes his
forearm, cutting through the fabric  and taking off a slice  of flesh.
the tip of  the sword slices  through his suit,  cutting his tie  off,
digging about an inch into his torso.

smith collapses into the dust, his  face a mask of blood and  dust. he
doesn’t try to get up.

razor passes morpheus, who backs up to the ringing phone booth.  razor
goes  through first.  morpheus keeps  his eyes  and weapon  locked on
smith, who  makes no  attempt to  pursue. he  stands calmly,  and in a
dignified manner, wipes dust off  his clothing as he watches  morpheus
step into the booth, and replace the phone.

it rings. one hand on the receiver, morpheus stares back at smith.

smith stands there, not attempting to pursue. morpheus pauses,  taking
advantage of the chance to observe his deadly enemy.

smith stares at the booth for a second. emotion twists his face, first
anger,  then  perhaps  sadness.  he’s lost.  he’ll  be  in  the matrix
forever.

with a quicksilver flash,  his body reverts back  to the shape of  the
rookie cop.

the young  man is  left standing  there. he  is filthy,  bloody, badly
sliced up, and the fingers of one hand are missing. he looks around at
the carnage  as his  mouth simply  opens and  closes, reflexively,  in
shock. he focuses on morpheus.

the rebel answers the phone and disappears, leaving the cop, his  body
broken and his mind blown.


