140   ext. walls of troy - continuous                              140

      hector walks over to his father. achilles keeps bellowing
      his name. hector kneels before his father and kisses his
      hand.

                             hector

                father. forgive me for any
                offenses. i've served you as best
                i could.
      priam stands, beckons for hector to rise, cups hector's
      cheeks in his palms and kisses hector's forehead.

                              priam

                may the gods be with you.



      hector hesitates for a moment, then bows and turns to go.

                                priam

                hector!
      hector turns back. father and son look at each other.
      for a moment we think priam will be unable to speak.
      finally:

                              priam

                no father ever had a better son.
      the words deeply move hector. he bows again and moves on.
      he passes by glaucus, who bows to the prince.

                              glaucus

                apollo guard you, my prince.
      hector claps the general's shoulder and keeps walking.      he
      stops beside paris. they embrace.

                              paris

                you're the best man i know.

                                                   (continued)





                                                                 127.





140    continued:                                                       140





                                  hector

                    you are a prince of troy.
       hector grips paris's arm tighter and stares into his eyes.

                               hector

                 i know you'll make me proud.
       hector kisses paris's forehead and continues on his way,
       pulling his helmet onto his head.




140a   ext. stairs                                                      140a

       waits for him above the stairs leading to the city gates.
       she holds their baby boy scamandrius.

                                  hector

                    you remember what i told you?

                                  andromache

                    you don't have to go. you don't --

                                  hector

                    you remember what i told you.
       andromache hasn't slept. her hair is a wild tangle; her
       eyes are rimmed red. she nods. she holds her son up to
       his father. the boy doesn't see his father, he sees
       something terrifying, a man with a bronze face and a plume
       of horsehair.
       scamandrius begins to      cry. hector removes his helmet.
       now the boy sees his      father. he giggles and reaches out.
       hector takes the boy      in his arms and holds him. he kisses
       the boy's fuzzed head      and closes his eyes for a moment.
       finally    he hands   the baby back   to andromache. he smiles
       at his    wife. she    grabs him by   the back of the head and
       presses    his face   to hers. her    mouth is open, her eyes
       closed,    her body   slack against   his.
       finally he disengages himself. he walks away from her.
       she and scamandrius stare after him, but he never looks
       back.




140b   ext. gates (inside city walls)                                   140b

       he walks down the long staircase descending from the
       walls. he stops at the massive city gates. the gatemen
       begin pulling the long chains that open the gates.

                                                        (continued)





                                                                128.





140b   continued:                                                      140b




       he senses someone behind him. he turns. helen stands ten
       feet away, her unearthly beauty greater than ever. as the
       heavy gates rise, helen and hector stare at each other,
       never blinking, never looking away.



       finally the gate is lifted. hector bows to helen and fits
       his helmet on his head. he leaves the city. helen
       watches him go.




