61   ext. temple of apollo - continuous                            61

     achilles gazes at the sky as if waiting for the sun to
     blast him for blasphemy. nothing happens.
     hearing hoofbeats, achilles turns and spots hector and his
     men, two hundred yards away.

                                achilles

                          (to eudorus)
                  get inside the temple, warn the
                  men.
     eudorus hurries to warn his comrades.

                                 achilles

                  eudorus!   wait, wait a moment.
     the myrmidon captain stops. achilles hefts a spear,
     judges the distance, and throws.
     one hundred yards from achilles, the spearhead finds its
     mark: tecton's breastplate. tecton is knocked from his
     horse and skewered to the ground. he clutches at the
     wooden shaft, not comprehending his fate.
     hector reins in his horse and stares at his fallen
     captain. the man is finished. hector turns to look at
     achilles.
     eudorus's eyes are wide. no other man alive could have
     thrown a spear that far or that accurately.

                                                    (continued)





                                                            54.





61   continued:                                                   61





                                achilles

                  now you can go.
     eudorus runs inside the temple.



     hector kicks his horse and gallops toward achilles. his
     men cry out and follow him. achilles waits. hector
     raises his own spear. when he is fifty yards away, he
     throws.
     at the very last moment, achilles bends his head to one
     side, an almost lackadaisical movement. the spear rips
     through the air occupied by achilles' head half a moment
     before.
     achilles smiles.
     hector draws his sword and charges, his men right behind
     him. achilles walks, with insulting insouciance, into the
     temple.
     a series of high steps lead inside the temple. hector and
     the trojans dismount and proceed cautiously to the temple.




