141    ext. battlefield - day                                          141

       hector walks toward achilles. everything is very quiet.
       the people on the walls are hushed. even the birds seem
       reverent.
       thousands and thousands of greeks now line the high dunes,
       making the valley an enormous amphitheater ringed with
       spectators from the dunes to the walls of troy.
       achilles stands motionless. the two men are alone on the
       great field. hector stops twenty feet away from achilles.

                                  hector

                    i've seen this moment in my dreams.
       achilles, expressionless, stares at the prince.

                                  hector

                    i'll make a pact with you, with the
                    gods as our witnesses. let us
                    pledge that the winner will allow
                    the loser all the proper funeral
                    rituals.

                                  achilles

                    there are no pacts between lions
                    and men.
       achilles tosses aside his helmet -- an insulting gesture,
       impugning hector's combat skills.

                                  achilles

                    now you know who you're fighting.
       hector pauses a moment before removing his own helmet and
       tossing it aside.

                                  hector

                    i thought it was you i was fighting
                    yesterday. i wish it had been you.
                    but i gave the dead boy the honor he --

                                                       (continued)





                                                               129.





141   continued:                                                      141





                                  achilles

                   you gave him the honor of your
                   sword.
                           (beat)
                   you won't have eyes tonight. you
                   won't have ears, or a tongue.
                   you'll wander the underworld,
                   blind, deaf, and dumb. and all the
                   dead will know: this is hector, the
                   fool who thought he killed
                   achilles.
      achilles draws his sword.     hector draws his.    they charge.
      we've seen extraordinary fighting before,    but we've never
      seen this -- a prowess so extreme as to be    hypnotic. two
      better swordsmen have never clashed. all     their lives, all
      their training and past battles, have led    to this moment.
      nothing is wasted. no flourishes or balletic leaps or
      spins. every swing is a death blow countered. the
      rapidity of the exchange is breathless.
      the bronze blades hiss as they split the air. they swing
      with such power that sparks fly whenever a sword scrapes a
      shield.




