 121   ext. beach encampment - continuous                           121




       the greeks, plainly nervous, swarm to the long trench
       they've dug. the trojans crushed them yesterday. now
       they're back.







121a   ext. high dunes                                              121a

       the trojan archers pull their bows off their shoulders and
       notch their arrows.




121b   ext. beach encampment                                        121b

       the greek archers notch their arrows.
       odysseus stands with his ithacans, waiting to battle. a
       cry starts up on the far end of the greek line and grows
       steadily louder. odysseus looks in that direction.
       a glittering figure has stepped forth from the myrmidon
       camp, clad in the beautiful and distinctive armor that
       every man in the greek army recognizes.

                               odysseus

                 achilles.
       all down the greek line we hear the cheer building to a
       roar. agamemnon, hearing the commotion, turns and sees
       the shining warrior. he watches the spectacle with mixed
       emotions.
       eudorus, standing with several myrmidons, is thrilled by
       his leader's unexpected arrival.

                               eudorus

                 arm yourselves, men.
       the myrmidons quickly and excitedly arm themselves.




121c   ext. high dunes                                              121c

       the trojans are not aware of this energy. hector raises
       his sword and points at the greeks. the trojan army
       charges. when they are within range the trojan archers
       release, sending a volley of arrows over the heads of
       their comrades. the greek archers release at the same
       time.
       two flocks of arrows cross in the sky and swoop down on
       the men below. dozens of greeks and trojans fall to the
       sand.




                                                           114.





121d   ext. greek beach defenses                                  121d




       but now the glorious bronzed figure of achilles leaps over
       the trench, sunlight reflecting off his polished armor.
       he raises his sword to the sky. a great, violent roar
       rises from the greek army. when he runs toward the
       trojans the greeks jump from their positions and follow.
       the two armies collide. unlike the grassy field the men
       fought on yesterday, today's battle takes place on the
       sand, and sand is everywhere.
       horse hooves kick up clouds of sand. men struggle for
       footing in the loose sand. red blood puddles on the
       yellow sand.
       but much more is different than the terrain. now the
       greeks have a leader. the myrmidons are at the forefront,
       battling with a ferocity most trojans have never seen
       before.
       a trojan officer, spear raised, gallops toward the figure
       of achilles. before the trojan can throw, eudorus hurls
       his spear, catching the officer in the neck. the man goes
       down.
       odysseus, immersed in combat, sees this. he hesitates for
       a moment and in his distraction is nearly cut down by an
       axe-wielding trojan. they fight.
       after odysseus dispatches the man, he looks back toward
       the glittering figure of achilles. something's making him
       uneasy.
       a trojan swings his sword at the shining warrior, narrowly
       missing a clean decapitation. the greek hero thrusts his
       spear and guts the trojan.
       the myrmidons surge forward, hacking their way through the
       trojans. the greek army steadily pushes the trojans back,
       picking up more and more momentum.
       now it is the trojans who seem frightened, unsure where
       the greeks found this intense spirit.
       glaucus, the trojan general, on horseback, shouts to
       hector.

                               glaucus

                 the gods are with them today!   we
                 should fall back!
       hector, fighting, does not answer.

                                                   (continued)





                                                              115.





121d   continued:                                                    121d




       the myrmidons are getting    closer to the elite apollonians.
       hector notices them now.     he notices the beautiful armor
       of their leader, notices    the leader hop nimbly from the
       path of a charging trojan    and cut the man down.




                                  hector

                            (to himself)
                    achilles.
       hector goes after him. he grips the reins and guides his
       horse toward the myrmidons. his apollonians, clustered
       about him protectively, move in that direction as well.




121e   ext. greek beach defenses                                     121e

       the two elite forces clash. these men are experts,
       wielding their spears and swords with superior skill.
       hector's horse stumbles in the deep sand. hector abandons
       his mount, leaping down to the beach, running for the
       shining warrior. a myrmidon intercepts him. their battle
       is quick-- hector kills him with a sword thrust.
       now he is face to face (or helmet to helmet) with the
       figure of glorious achilles. the two men, breathing
       heavily from the combat, stand still for a moment.
       the intricately-worked bronze of achilles' helmet,
       breastplate, and shield all shine bright. he's a
       difficult man to stare at for long. now he charges, sword
       raised.
       they fight. and though the battle continues all around
       them, everyone seems to be aware of the duel taking place.
       the shining warrior is quicker than hector and lighter on
       his feet, swinging again and again, a blaze of bronze.
       hector fights patiently, parrying the blows, waiting for
       an opening.
       the sword of    achilles whistles over hector's head, swung
       so hard that    the man wielding it cannot protect himself.
       hector takes    full advantage, swinging quickly, his blade
       carving the    soft flesh just beneath achilles' helmet.
       a long question mark of blood whips out of the cut throat.
       the man falls.

                                                    (continued)





                                                                116.





121e   continued:                                                      121e




       everything seems to stop. though the battle is still
       underway and thousands of individuals are still fighting
       for their lives, a collective gasp of despair comes from
       the greeks.



       odysseus, stunned, stares at the body on the ground.
       hector stands next to the fallen man. he wedges the tip
       of his sword inside the bronze helmet and lifts it off.
       patroclus is dying, trying to breathe as his throat floods
       with blood. his eyes are panicked.
       hector stares down at the dying boy, at the blood-soaked

       seashell necklace.

       for a moment they stare at each other, the victorious
       prince of troy and the dying boy in the sand. the sounds
       of patroclus' gurgling breaths visibly upset the prince.
       with an anguished cry he raises his sword and brings it
       down. we don't see the blade hit, but the boy's suffering
       ends.
       hector sees a stunned odysseus standing nearby. the
       greeks have pushed the trojans back from the beach, onto
       the grassy inland plains, but now combat has halted.

                                  hector

                    enough for one day?
       odysseus nods.     hector calls out to glaucus.

                                  hector

                    arms down! back to the city!
       glaucus relays the call.      odysseus calls to his captains.

                                   odysseus

                    arms down!   arms down!   to the
                    beach!
       odysseus sheathes his sword and approaches. he crouches
       by patroclus and closes the dead boy's frightened eyes.
       hector and odysseus look at each other for a beat.
       hector mounts his horse and leads his men home. the two
       sides retreat. eudorus hurries over and kneels beside the
       dead boy.

                                  eudorus

                    we were going to sail home at noon.

                                                       (continued)





                                                               117.





121e   continued:    (2)                                              121e





                                  odysseus

                    i don't think anyone's sailing home
                    now.







