98    ext. battlefield - continuous                                 98

      odysseus, meanwhile, works to reorganize the troops.

                                  odysseus

                   selepius!   bring your men back into
                   line!
      ajax, standing nearby, sees hector chopping his way
      through the greeks. ajax runs at hector.
      two trojan soldiers try to intercept ajax. the mighty
      greek swings his huge battle axe. the blade cuts clean
      through the first soldier's arm and halfway through his
      torso.
      the second soldier hacks at ajax but the big man blocks
      the sword with his shield and then uses the shield to ram
      the soldier's face. blood sprays from the trojan's
      crushed skull. both soldiers fall dead to the ground.
      hector, battling a greek infantryman, doesn't see ajax
      coming. ajax grabs hector's horse's bridle and tugs hard,
      the veins in his arms bulging beneath the skin.

                                                     (continued)





                                                              92.





98   continued:                                                      98




     the horse tries to buck but ajax twists the horse's head
     till it falls. hector falls with the horse, tumbling to
     the dirt. the greek infantryman he had been fighting
     stabs at him.



     hector rolls away and manages -- while flat on his back
     -- to swing his sword, chopping off the infantryman's feet
     just above the ankles. the infantryman screams and falls.
     ajax releases the horse, raises his axe, and swings at the
     fallen hector. the prince gets his shield up just in
     time. ajax's axe cleaves through the shield, splitting
     the bronze into two even halves.
     hector stares at the halved shield, discards it, and jumps
     to his feet. the two fighters circle each other while
     thousands of soldiers around them battle to the death.

                                ajax

                  so you're the best of the trojans?
     hector, looking for an opening in the brute's defenses,
     says nothing. ajax charges, swinging his battle axe.
     hector ducks below the axe and lunges forward with his
     sword, but ajax -- quick despite his size -- sidesteps,
     grabs the smaller man in a bear hug and squeezes.
     hector turns red.     the sword falls from hector's hand.
     ajax grins.
     hector slams his helmeted head forward, butting ajax in
     the face. ajax staggers back, blood spraying from his
     nose, his axe falling to the ground.
     hector struggles to regain his equilibrium.       ajax growls
     and launches himself at the prince.
     hector snatches a spear off the ground and positions it
     just as ajax dives at him. the spear pierces ajax's
     armor, driving through his belly and out his back. hector
     holds the shaft steady. ajax stares down at his wound.
     he seems more irritated than anything else.
     ajax places his two big hands on the spear shaft, right
     where the spear enters his body. he breaks the spear in
     two, snapping the solid wood like a twig.
     half a spear still sticking out his back, ajax swings the
     shaft, clobbering hector in the side of the head, sending
     the horsehair-plumed helmet flying.

                                                   (continued)





                                                          93.





98    continued:    (2)                                            98




      hector, dazed, falls to one knee. ajax whacks him again
      on the back of his neck. hector crawls forward blindly.
      his hands brush over the blade of his dropped sword.



      hector springs up, driving his sword into ajax's gut, just
      below the big man's breast plate. hector withdraws his
      sword. both men see the ground drenched with ajax's
      blood.
      ajax backhands hector with the broken spear shaft,
      cracking the prince in the jaw and dropping him again.
      ajax grabs hector, hoists him upright and begins
      throttling the prince. ajax spits a great wad of blood
      and smiles, teeth washed red.
      hector tries to kick at ajax, but ajax's thumbs dig deeper
      and deeper into hector's throat. hector's eyelids begin
      to flutter as he chokes.
      but the salamisian king has lost too much blood. he sinks
      slowly to his knees. hector is forced to his knees as
      well.
      finally ajax's eyes roll back. he topples onto hector,
      hands still locked on the prince's throat. hector undoes
      the death grip. he squirms out from under ajax's corpse
      and stands.




