96    ext. battlefield - continuous                                96

      the greek army continues to charge at full speed.
      one thousand trojan archers notch their arrows and pull
      back their catgut strings.

                                glaucus

                   now!
      one thousand bronze-tipped arrows soar into the air, a
      deadly swarm of hornets that rises toward the clouds
      before descending on the charging greeks.

                                                   (continued)





                                                                90.





96    continued:                                                      96




      hundreds of greeks fall. the trojan archers let loose
      another swarm of arrows. the arrows fall with a great
      hiss. many find their mark, biting into the throats and
      faces of the greeks.



      the greek army, so overwhelming seconds ago, is now struck
      with chaos. the men in the front turn back, realizing
      they've become targets, while the men in back still push
      forward. in this confusion of foot traffic the arrows
      continue to fall, a rainstorm of bronze.
      agamemnon, standing on his chariot in the middle of his
      frenzied troops, tries to maintain order, but his shouts
      go unheard above the general roar.
      the driver of his chariot falls, an arrow through his
      neck.
      agamemnon grabs the reins and tries to steer the chariot,
      but so many men are running about, so many bodies litter
      the ground, that maneuvering is extremely difficult.

                                                      cut to:





96a   ext. walls of troy                                              96a

      hector and paris have reached the city walls, where
      glaucus and the army wait for them. hector grabs paris's
      arm.

                                 hector

                   get inside the city.
      he slaps paris's horse. paris, head bowed, rides away.
      hector turns to his army. he shouts to them at the top of
      his lungs.

                                 hector

                   the commander of the greeks wants
                   the trojan army to fight for him!
      the trojan mood becomes more and more bellicose.

                                  hector

                   would any man here like to fight
                   for agamemnon?

                                 trojans


                   no!

      hector raises his sword and points it at the greeks, who
      retreat from the arrow fusillade in disarray.

                                                      (continued)





                                                              91.





96a   continued:                                                    96a





                                 hector

                   for troy!

                                 trojans


                   troy!

      the trojans charge. hector, on horseback, reaches the
      greeks first. his sword cuts down everyone within reach.
      the trojan infantry attacks the greeks, whose line has
      been broken by the rain of arrows. the trojans take
      advantage of their enemies' panic. hector's plan has
      succeeded.




