               int. '50's desert house - night

               wind and sand blow freely through the remains of the windows. 
               a solitary kerosene lamp dimly illuminates the living room 
               area. its flickering light finds... early, stripped to the 
               waist, crouched over the broken tv set. he fidgets with the 
               knobs. then the mangled rabbit ears antenna. carrie sits on 
               some blankets in the corner next to the couch. she's scared 
               to death. her eyes scan the battered room. debris everywhere.

               amidst all of it, carrie's erotic photographs have been placed 
               about the room.

               on early

               still unable to get the tv to work, he smacks it a good one 
               on the side.

               with the smack!... carrie whips her look back toward early... 
               to find he's lost interest in the tv. he turns toward carrie. 
               stares at her for a moment. then with a hint of a smile, he 
               begins to move toward her. the time has arrived.

               he reaches down, grabs her by the shirt and pulls her to her 
               feet. carrie doesn't resist. he's rough with her as he kisses 
               her on the lips. carrie pulls her mouth away from his. she 
               seems confused, unsure of her feelings. early watches her, 
               until her eyes come back to his. then she steps forward 
               crowding her body against his, as she slips one hand around 
               his neck and kisses him deep and hard...

               suddenly early breaks the kiss and backhands carrie hard 
               across the face. she lands on the floor several feet away, 
               the palm of her right hand is bleeding.

               early looks down to his waist to find a large piece of glass 
               protruding from his side.

               he pulls the glass shard out, blood drips down his side and 
               onto his jeans.

               carrie gets up and races into the back bedroom, frantically 
               looking for a way out, there is none. on the bed the two 
               adult mannequins now lie naked. they have been placed, 
               intertwined in a grotesque sexual position.

               carrie turns and rushes back toward the door. early intercepts 
               her and throws a punch to her stomach, which doubles her 
               over. then early sends a second punch to her face, she 
               stumbles backward, landing onto the bed amongst the 
               mannequins. early begins undoing his belt.

                                     early
                              (friendly)
                         you'll like it...

               a violent gust of wind sends several of the erotic photos 
               swirling through the air. one of the photos whips across 
               early's chest. the wind holds it there momentarily.

                                     early
                         not a lot, but you'll like it.

               early peels carrie's photo off him, the blood from his wound 
               covers the back of it. he slaps it against the nearest wall. 
               it sticks. he walks toward her.

