               int. brian and carrie's loft - afternoon

               brian enters the darkened loft interior.

                                     brian
                         i picked up some chinese. did you 
                         hear from the gallery?

               brian turns the corner, he's immediately greeted by a series 
               of erotic images being projected on the far wall. they are 
               slides of carrie's photographic work. in regard to the nature 
               and content of carrie's photographic work, her photographs 
               address the sexual collision of opposites. "what if's." the 
               subjects of her photographs are hypothetical and highly 
               unlikely partners. studies in contract. moments of passion.

                                     brian
                              (tentative)
                         you got your slides back.

               from across the room, he hears carrie's disembodied voice. 
               he drifts toward the couch.

                                     carrie
                         yeah, same old shit. too graphic... 
                         not suitable for mass consumption... 
                         one of those... i forget. who cares.

               brian finds her slumped down on the couch. he sits down. 
               she's got a drink in her hand. a bottle on her lap. she 
               continues to click through the slides. as she rambles on, 
               it's obvious that she's definitely under the influence of 
               something 90 proof.

                                     carrie
                         christ brian i'm dying here... you 
                         are too, you just don't know it yet. 
                         you're too busy working on that damned 
                         thesis... and, thing is... when you 
                         finally do finish it, it's just gonna 
                         get filed away on some shelf at the 
                         university library... then what?

               brian can see she's upset. drowsy from the booze. he just 
               watches her. listens. her words linger in his head.

                                     carrie
                              (continues)
                         i thought you wanted to be a writer.

                                     brian
                              (quietly)
                         ...i do.

                                     carrie
                         then you can write anywhere. let's 
                         get out of here, while we still can.

                                     brian
                         carrie, come on... we can leave 
                         anytime we...

                                     carrie
                         no we can't. we can never leave once 
                         you start talking about tenure... 
                         and vacation pay... and parking 
                         privileges and... oh shit! let's 
                         just go to california now, right 
                         now, before it's too late.

                                     brian
                         ...just like that?

                                     carrie
                         just like that. load up the lincoln... 
                         point it west... stop when we hit 
                         the fucking ocean.

               the bold graphic sexual photographs of carrie's continue to 
               accentuate her comments.

                                     carrie
                         that's half the kick anyway. doing 
                         something you've never done before. 
                         experiencing something... different. 
                         something... unpredictable.

               brian notices an envelope on the floor nearby. he picks it 
               up. opens it. inside, he finds the photographs carrie took 
               at the warehouse. interested, he shuffles through them. he 
               becomes more and more intrigued with what he sees.

                                     brian
                         ...these are great.

               he glances over to carrie... she's fallen asleep. he reaches 
               over and quietly pulls the drink glass from her hand.

