               int. early's trailer - morning

               through the soot tinged atmosphere, sunlight filters in past 
               the curtained windows. early is lying face down in bed, his 
               right arm extended over the side. adele is in the kitchen 
               half dressed, and unsuccessfully attempting to iron one of 
               early's shirts. she realizes the iron is out of water, she 
               sets it down and steps to the sink and fills a glass with 
               water. as she does she glances at a cactus on the counter.

               omitted

                                     adele
                         you thirsty lucy?

               omitted

               she waters her small cactus (lucy).

                                     adele
                         bet that feels good, don't it?

               new angle - the refrigerator

               adele smiles then notices that a photo held to the fridge by 
               a decorative magnet has fallen to the floor. she picks it 
               up.

                                     adele
                         now if that ain't momma's little 
                         angel.

               adele puts it back onto the fridge. it is a photo of a young 
               early with his mother. in the photo early appears to be about 
               ten or eleven. he stands next to his mother. her arm is draped 
               over his shoulders, she is holding a drink. a cigarette butt 
               dangles between her fingers. nearby a portable radio is tuned 
               to music, when the local radio jingle comes on and segues to 
               the news.

               new angle on early

               a handkerchief bandana is tied around his head and over his 
               eyes.

               the newscaster's voice gets louder.

                                     newscaster (o.s.)
                         ...two more victims last night, when 
                         a twenty pound rock smashed through 
                         the windshield of their car...

               closer - early's face

               slowly he reaches to his face and lifts the bandana up off 
               one eye. even closer on his left eyelid. it flutters... pops 
               open and blinks. now... his eyeball stares right at us. the 
               pitch black pupil contracts in the morning light. the 
               newscaster's voice continues to amplify...

                                     newscaster
                         this was the third such attack in 
                         the past month and while an extensive 
                         police operation is underway... no 
                         arrests have yet been made.

               the newscaster's voice quickly fades away. early calmly closes 
               his eyes and drifts back to sleep.

