               ext. lincoln near mine area

               the radio is blaring. adele continues to dance despite 
               carrie's pleas.

                                     carrie
                              (shouting)
                         ...i wouldn't lie to you, adele. . . 
                         i saw him kill that man.

                                     adele
                              (defensive)
                         early didn't kill nobody, he wouldn't 
                         do that. i don't know why you're 
                         saying those things. you ain't my 
                         friend.

               with that, adele stops her dancing and turns away from 
               carrie... to see the male officer walking toward them.

                                     adele
                         please don't say anything carrie.

               the male officer continues toward them. it looks like he's 
               talking to them... but his voice is inaudible under the 
               deafening radio.

               new angle: favoring the two police officers

               the female officer sticks her head out of the police car and 
               yells to her partner. he turns to listen.

                                     female officer
                         we got a match, i'll call for back 
                         up.

               as the male officer turns back, he sees adele reach into the 
               front seat of the lincoln. the male officer draws his revolver 
               and levels it at adele.

               new angle: favoring adele and carrie

               click! adele shuts the radio off, total silence. as adele 
               leans back out of the car, she turns, facing directly into 
               the barrel of the male officer's gun.

                                     male officer
                         all right ladies, i want both of you 
                         to slowly step away from the ca...

               bang! a single gunshot rings out! the male officer jerks 
               back and falls to the ground. adele screams! carrie whips a 
               panicked glance around and sees... early running toward them. 
               brian, bewildered, follows behind.

               brian's pov (running)

               ahead of him, he watches early race past the wounded male 
               officer. he kicks the officer's revolver out of reach and 
               rushes toward the police car.

               early fires his gun repeatedly as he charges the car!

               the female officer pulls her gun and starts to get out of 
               the car, when... a shot shatters the windshield hitting her 
               in the chest. she collapses back onto the seat.

               on brian

               he stops at the sight of the wounded male officer. shocked, 
               he watches the man writhing in pain. his hands clutching his 
               crotch. his blood oozes into the dirt.

               early approaches the police car. he sees the dead cop and 
               hears the radio dispatcher.

                                     police radio
                         officer needs help, shots fired, six 
                         adam five, one eighty-seven, suspects 
                         wanted in multiple murders. location 
                         unknown, last seen...

               brian is not sure what to do. he looks around... sees the 
               officer's handgun lying in the dirt. he takes a step toward 
               it, when... another gunshot rings out! brian stops. looks to 
               the police car. he sees early standing there, smoke belching 
               from the dashboard... the police radio is dead.

               early walks back toward brian and the others. he steps over 
               to the injured male officer on the ground.

                                     early
                         tell me that don't hurt.

               early picks up the wounded cop's gun. he hands it to brian 
               as he trains the .45 automatic at brian's chest.

                                     early
                         shoot him. you'll be doing him a 
                         favor.

               brian looks to early in disbelief.

               omitted

                                     brian
                         no, no, i can't.

               early cocks the pistol and pushes the barrel to brian's head. 
               brian looks down at the wounded cop who is writhing in pain.

                                     early
                         (no,) it's the answer to all them 
                         questions of yers.

               brian won't do it. he drops the gun to the ground.

                                     early
                         now you'll never know.

               early cocks his pistol.

                                     brian
                         ...don't do it. early, look at him, 
                         look at his face. that's not your 
                         father.

               early stares at the wounded cop's face.

                                     early
                         i know that. that there is a policeman 
                         in a world of pain. and this is what 
                         you call a mercy killin'.

               early shoots the cop again. the cop lays still.

               early reaches down and takes the dead cop's handcuffs. he 
               casually points the little camera at the dead cop. flash!!

