int. delta terminal - kennedy airport - day

cut to a shot of willcox hillyer at a counter getting his
ticket processed. a little smile is on his face as he talks
to a pretty airline girl. this character likes girls; his
aloofness is modified, his face changes when he talks to
them. the airline girl smiles back, she finds him attractive.
we don't hear what they are saying, no dialogue on track --
it is obvious he is flirting with the girl in a mild way, but
now a frown comes on his face and he turns his head as if
slightly annoyed by something.

cut to a pov shot of a tall, gaunt, almost totally bald man
at the next ticket counter. the man is about sixty-five and
looks like a half senile great dane. he is dave wilkie,
erstwhile husband of the heroine of this story. age has not
been at all kind to dave; his face is lined with bitterness,
he is a sour, angry, lonely man and now he is making a very
unpleasant scene with a ticket girl and an airline
representative, waving his ticket and gesticulating angrily.
he wears an expensive, ill-fitting suit and a texas-type hat.
we don't hear his angry complaints, no dialogue is on the
track.

cut back to a close shot of willcox hillyer as he stares with
a frown at the man. it's as if he knows the man but can't
place him. the airline ticket girl speaks to him and he turns
back to her, his face softening as he answers her, obviously
saying he'll carry his bag. he nods goodbye to the girl,
turns and the camera follows him as he walks some distance
away and stops, looks back with another pensive frown at the
tall, gaunt man at the next counter.

cut to another pov shot of dave wilkie, a longer shot than
the first. the man is now arguing angrily with two airline
representatives, still waving his ticket and shaking his
head. we don't hear him. lip-readers might pick up what he is
saying: "i'm supposed to be in first class, not tourist.
what's the matter with this friggin' airline?"

cut back to willcox hillyer, a close shot of his face as he
rubs his chin and frowns obviously struggling to remember the
man. the camera holds on him as he stares at the gaunt angry
dave, racking his brain. he shakes his head, he cannot place
the man and yet he knows him. the camera moves in closer on
willcox hillyer's face as he stares in pensive puzzlement at
this ghost from the past and now we hear, as if from a
distance, faint music on the track -- it is "dixie," played
with beautiful lazy mocking love by the great louis armstrong
in his prime. at first we can barely hear it, then the music
becomes louder as hillyer's frown deepens and he seems almost
to know the man.

main title (superimposed): "rambling rose"

the music remains a bit in the distance, but it can be heard.

other titles (superimposed): over the following action.

various shots, on willcox hillyer. he gives up his effort to
recognize the strangely familiar dave with a little shrug,
turns and walks away with his travel bag.

