        int. corridor - tenth floor - night                     106

        deckard looks around the corner of the door down the
        hall.  batty's at the other end.  except for jockstrap
        and gym shoes, he's nude.

                                batty
                  you wanna play?

        deckard fires.  batty's fast.  he ducks into a doorway.
        pops out again.

                                batty
                  not very sporting to fire on an
                  unarmed opponent.  i thought you
                  were supposed to be good.  aren't
                  you the man?!

        the makeup on batty's face is somewhere between a coman-
        che warrior and a transvestite.  the immensity of his
        insolence awesome -- the muscles of his body are swol-
        len, trembling from the thrill of it.

                                batty
                  this is how we do it up there, lad!
                  come on!

        in a blue of lightning-like action, batty whips down the
        hall, zigzagging off the walls towards deckard so fast
        that deckard gets only three shots off before the blur
        crashes through the wall on his left with a laugh.

        deckard stands there a moment -- digesting the impact
        of it, then edges up to the gaping wall.  batty is be-
        hind him.

        he knees deckard in the back and slaps him in the head.
        deckard goes to his knees, then over on his face.
        batty kneels next to him.

                                batty
                  not hurt, are you?  you better get
                  it up or i'm going to have to kill
                  you.  unless you're alive you can't
                  play.  and if you don't play, you
                  don't get to be alive.

        deckard's eyes are closed, mouth bleeding.  he exhales
        and makes and effort.  he slides his hands up even with
        his chest and starts to push.

                                batty
                  that's the spirit.

        like a matador, batty walks away.  by the time deckard's
        on his feet, batty's disappeared through one of the
        doors.

        deckard wipes the blood from his mouth, bends down and
        picks up his laser, reloads and looks down the hall,
        towards the jeering voice.

                                batty's voice
                  come on, deckard, show me what you
                  got!  i'm right here on the other
                  side of the door.  but you gotta
                  shoot straight 'cause i'm fast!

        deckard gets to the door, blasts it, kicks it open and
        fires at batty.  but it's only the reflection of batty.

