        int. chop suey house - night                            21

        a seamy as well as steamy little place.  counter and
        small tables.  old slant-eyed enders humped over their
        fuming bowls jabbering and slurping.

        the only voice coming out clear is from the big three-
        d tv on the back wall.  as the mellow-mouthed tv
        announcer delivers the message, a latin-looking beauty
        in a well-fitted maids uniform does a twirl, flashes
        a beguiling smile and glides out of frame.

                                announcer's voice
                  choose from a variety of seventy
                  nine different personality types.
                  each and every one a loyal trouble-
                  free companion given to you upon
                  your arrival absolutely free...

        the latin beauty is replaced by an impeccable ray
        bolger type gentleman's gentleman who clicks his heels,
        snaps to attention and struts off to make room for the
        next.

                                announcer's voice
                  to use as personal body servant
                  to tireless field hand -- the
                  custom tailored humanoid robot,
                  designed especially for your
                  needs.

        the chinese are paying no attention, but the man and
        the woman seated at the table by the window are.

        the woman is pretty, a touch of gray in her hair, kind
        and blue-eyed.  mary looks like an american dream mom,
        right out of "father knows best."

        the man also resembles a tradition: the gym instructor,
        short cropped hair with the body of a drill sergeant,
        but the eyes are grey and chilling.  roy batty is a
        presence of force with a lazy, but acute sense of what
        goes on around him.

        leon has just come through the door behind them.  try-
        ing not to be the bull in a china shop, he approaches
        their table and kneels .  batty doesn't bother to look
        at him, which amplifies the note of sarcasm in his
        quiet voice.

                                batty
                  did you get your precious 'things'?

                                leon
                  somebody was already there.

                                batty
                  police.

                                leon
                  just a man.

                                batty
                  police man.

        leon looks sullen.

                                batty
                  why don't you have a seat.

        there's one next to him.  leon pulls it over and sits.

                                batty
                  enjoy the view.

        from the pot on the table, mary pours tea and they sit
        so quiet and still in this noisy place that they seem
        almost invisible.  the view they're "enjoying" is
        through the window.  outside the neon side in the win-
        dow directly across the street says:  hannibal chew,
        members.

