        ext. street - opera house - night                       66

        it's raining heavily.

        the front of the opera house is open only to foot traf-
        fic these days.  a bizarre place on a friday night,
        hawkers and whores, the rabble, the poor and the cur-
        ious mill around the randy-built platforms and brightly
        lit stands.   zhora, in just a raincoat, is not out of
        place in this flea market atmosphere.  trying not to
        run, she slices through the mob as quickly as she can.
        deckard is not far behind, dodging and side-stepping,
        trying to move against the tide of people scurrying for
        shelter.

        she comes to an intersection and turns out of the mall
        onto a less crowded street.  she glances over her
        shoulder as she breaks into a run and runs right into
        a couple of pedestrians.  all three go down.

        deckard comes out of the crowd in time to spot her get-
        ting to her feet.  she sees him and runs.  the two ped-
        estrians are in his line of fire.  he runs past them
        and drops to one knee, leveling his laser.

                                deckard
                  stop or you're dead!

        she doesn't.  the beam flashes through the air, but
        she's already around the corner.

        with his bottom lip between his teeth, it hurts to move
        so fast, deckard jack-legs it into the street and jumps
        in front of the first car coming.  it screeches to a
        stop.  deckard scrambles for the door, but the guy be-
        hind the wheel has other ideas.  he peels out fast.

        the next car slows down and swerves trying not to hit
        him.  deckard goes for the door and before the old ma-
        tron inside can lock it, deckard's yanked it open and
        jumps in.  she screams as he pushes her into the pas-
        senger seat and jams the car into a wrenching about
        face.  the lady squeals like a pig as the momentum
        plasters her against the door.

        deckard slams it around the corner and guns it down the
        street.  it's long and it's empty and it's going by fast.
        nothing the old lady cares to see -- she's got her hands
        over her eyes, whimpering, hoping she'll faint before
        she dies.

        deckard takes the next left so hard he almost lays it
        over.  as the car bounces off the curb he floors it.

        zhora's a hundred yards ahead, halfway down the street,
        trying to make it back into the crowded mall.  she's
        running fast, but the car is faster.

        as he passes her, deckard hits the brakes and skids
        broadside seventy feet.  the door flies open and he
        rolls out firing.

        zhora's ducking it with no where to go, except...

        the showcase window on her left explodes as she crashes
        through.

        it's a corner shop joined to a series of stores, front-
        ing the mall.  deckard runs to the opening she's made
        and pours fire through the tunnel of her jagged wake as
        zhora breaks through one window after another, getting
        sliced, getting shot, trying to get away from deckard's
        laser.  but she doesn't.

        his last shot burns a hole through the base of her
        skull.  it kills her but doesn't stop her.  her speed
        takes what's left of her through the last two windows
        and into the street where she runs into a parked car
        with such force that she embeds herself in the side of
        it.

        hunched over, breathing hard, deckard comes slowly for-
        ward.  the crowd starting to gather.  there's something
        for everybody and they're coming from all directions.

        deckard moves through them, edging to have a look.

        it's not a good thing to see.  it looks like salome
        and the car tries to eat each other.  a bloody feast
        of metal and flesh.

        deckard bows his head, sick, exhausted.  so much commo-
        tion he doesn't notice three cops closing in from
        behind.

                                cop
                  drop it!

        deckard has his back to them.  they're fanned out and
        crouched, ready to fire.  deckard drops his laser.  two
        of them rush up, spin him around while the third does a
        frisk.

        two more cops arrive, wary and wild-eyed, pushing the
        people back -- his is not a good place for cops.

        deckard's ankle laser is discovered by the cop frisking
        him.  with a snarl he pulls it out and hands it back to
        the sergeant covering the action.

                                sergeant
                  on your belly!

        deckard's not in the mood for it.

                                deckard
                  listen, sergeant...

        he's reaching for his id.  the cop with the rubber
        billy hits him in the head.

        one thrill after another.  somebody in the crowd yeowls.
        the last thing deckard hears as he falls.  the cop
        reaches inside deckard's coat for the concealed weapon
        they missed, but it's an id card.  he looks at it for a
        moment, then looks up.

                                cop
                  hey, sarge, this guy's a cop.

        an embarrassing situation.

                                sergeant
                  clear this fuckin' crowd.

        the cops start pushing.  and for one split second one
        of the crowd looks a lot like leon.

