67   int. dad's office - early evening                                    67

     kale sits in the darkness at dad's desk. he's on the phone,
     pressing his other finger to his ear, trying to drown out
     the noise emanating from ashley's party next door.

     kale, on phone, gets ronnie's voice mail.

                              ronnie
                      (phone filter)
                  this is ronnie, leave a message.

     kale slams the phone down, sits there a beat.     jump cut:

     - the white pages thwump onto the desk.     jump cut:

     - kale on the phone:

                              kale
                      (into phone)
                  yeah, i'm calling about the jeep
                  cherokee that was brought in with
                  the flat and the stripped lug --
                  it's ready? listen, did they have
                  to replace the whole tire -- they
                  patched it? is there any way to
                  tell if it was slashed or -- but a
                  nail usually acts like its own plug
                  for awhile, doesn't it? i mean it's
                  a really slow leak, it can't flatten
                  a tire in twenty minutes.
                      (beat as kale listens)
                  -- yeah, i guess anything's possible.

     a roar of laughter o.s. makes kale jump from his chair.       he
     grabs the binoculars, heads to the window.

     binocular pov - kale scans the crowd until he finds ashley,
     talking with a group of partygoers. she pretends to listen
     to one of the guy's stories as she furtively glances toward
     kale's window. but it's quick. we can't be a hundred percent
     sure if it was on purpose.

                              kale (cont'd)
                  wait, what was that? you think i'm
                  watching? well, i'm not... nope, i
                  am minding my own business...

     binocular pov - ashley excuses herself from the group and
     approaches the drink and food table where minnie tyco (a.k.a.
     "skinny psycho") is standing, nitpicking over her snack
     choices. ashley hugs her then taps the cute guy next to her
     on the shoulder. the guy turns around.

                                                 (continued)   d.j. caruso

                                                                   64.

67   continued:                                                          67

     ashley mouths "oh my god" like he's some long lost lover.
     ashley hugs the surprised guy who wastes no time in hugging
     her back.

                              kale (cont'd)
                  you think i'm buying that?

     kale keeps watching.

                              kale (cont'd)
                  i'm not biting --

     binocular pov - ashley glances up in kale's direction again --
     it's more obvious this time as she keeps hugging the guy.

                               kale (cont'd)
                  that's it.

     kale tosses the binoculars, heads out.

