114   int. entry hall - night - continuous                                114

      still no sign of giles -- kale turns back to ashley, then
      heads to the front door --

      peephole pov - parker.

      kale swings the door open.

                               parker
                   kale, what's going on now?

                               kale
                   parker, where's the cavalry?!

                               parker
                   i told 'em don't bother, you were my
                   responsibility --

                               kale
                   parker, you need to get them here
                   right now -- giles is --

                               giles (o.s.)
                   evening.

      parker turns to see giles casually walking up the front steps.

                               kale
                   parker look out, he's the --

      as parker turns, giles suddenly grabs her, spins her around
      and twists her neck. parker drops forward into the entry
      hall.


                                                   (continued)   d.j. caruso

                                                                  107.

114   continued:                                                         114

      kale stumbles back inside the door, tries to slam it closed,
      but giles overpowers kale, shoves the door open, knocking
      kale to the floor. the butcher knife slides away under a
      table.

      giles enters, kicks parker's body out of the way and closes
      the door. he steps toward kale as ashley, from o.s. suddenly
      drops the leaf-skimming net over his head and furiously yanks
      giles back to the floor!

      kale gets to his feet, grabs a vase off the entry hall table
      and smashes it over giles' head. giles rolls away, only to
      be kicked hard in the face by ashley.

      kale and ashley tag team giles. but giles finds an opening
      and elbows both ashley and kale back to the floor. kale
      scrambles for the butcher knife back down the entry hall.

      giles gets to his feet, pounds after kale who slides the
      butcher knife out from under the table. but giles suddenly
      stomps down on kale's hand.

      giles lifts his foot up. kale pulls his hand away. giles
      kicks the knife away, grabs kale up, slams him against the
      staircase banister, splintering it.

      kale drops back to the floor. giles leans down to pick him
      up when the butt of a shotgun suddenly slams into the back
      of giles' head! giles tumbles forward, spins around to see

      julie

      standing on the staircase with a 12-gauge shotgun -- kaboom!

      julie blows giles back into the wall!   -- and that's where
      he stays.

      julie races down to kale, hugs him tight. ashley comes to,
      slowly makes her way over and joins the huddle...

                                                        dissolve to:

      montage

