50   int. dad's office - night - seconds later                          50

     kale, immersed in shadow, enters. he quietly pulls dad's
     leather chair toward the window, positions it just right,
     and sits.

     kale's pov - ashley's working out to a yoga dvd.




                                                 (continued)   d.j. caruso

                                                                   31.

50   continued:                                                          50

                              kale
                      (to ashley)
                  you started without me?

     as if eerily on cue, ashley suddenly stops.

                              kale (cont'd)
                  what are you stopping for?

     she goes to her window and peers out -- kale ducks -- he
     looks back up, sees ashley gazing in his direction -- kale's
     breathing intensifies -- could she actually be seeing him?

                              kale (cont'd)
                      (convincing himself)
                  no --

     ashley turns around, goes back to her yoga mat. she takes a
     breath, getting back in "the zone," then -- she slowly raises
     her arms and bends into a ridiculously sexy pose.

                              kale (cont'd)
                   whoa.

     kale watches ashley another couple of beats. then her dad
     appears in the doorway. looking pissed. kale leans closer --

     ashley stops the dvd. from her body language, she's clearly
     annoyed at the interruption. the scene quickly devolves
     into a heated argument. but ashley's dad gets the last word
     in and leaves. ashley slams the door behind him, flips off
     the tv, storms in the bathroom and slams that door, too.

     kale watches the vacant room... waiting... another beat,
     then -- ashley emerges from the bathroom with a box of
     tissues. she sits on her bed, pulls three tissues from the
     box, staring off... from this angle, it almost looks as if
     her eyes could meet kale's at any moment. kale instinctively
     lowers himself in the chair, his eyes never leaving her...

     then -- with a huge gust of howling wind we

                                                             smash to:

