106   ext. 2nd fl porch - night - continuous                             106

      kale raises the bat, swings it at the 2nd floor hallway window
      that separates the interior of the house from the porch.
      the window shatters. kale tosses the bat back to ashley.

                               kale
                       (to giles o.s.)
                   we're out here, asshole!

      there's a lull in the thunder. all becomes eerily quiet for
      a beat as kale waits for giles to appear at the window. he
      glances back at ashley who ducks behind the wall inside dad's
      office -- she glances to the office door. no more banging.
      she shrugs to kale: "where is he?"

      another beat, then suddenly -- a flash of lightning reveals

      giles

      standing in the other porch doorway behind kale!

                                ashley
                   kale!

      kale whirls around just as giles reaches out, grabs him by
      the throat, pulls him off his feet and hurls kale through
      the shattered window into the hallway!

                                ashley (cont'd)
                   no!   you son of a --

      ashley charges out onto the porch with the bat. swings it
      at giles who promptly rips it from her hand and hurls it off
      the porch. ashley whips out the letter opener, spins around,
      about to stab giles, but he backhands her. ashley falls,
      smacks her head on the porch railing.


                                                  (continued)   d.j. caruso

                                                                   103.

106   continued:                                                          106

      she drops to the floor, half conscious as giles picks up the
      letter opener, turns his attention back to the 2nd floor
      hallway window --

      his pov - the hallway - kale's gone.

      whip pan to behind giles -- reveal kale - charging out the
      same porch door giles just came out! kale uses his full
      body weight to shove giles back through the same broken window
      and into the hallway!

                                kale
                   ashley!   are you okay?

                               ashley
                   i wanna kill him --

                               kale
                   stick to the plan --

      over this, kale pulls ashley to her feet. they share a smile
      as ashley ducks into the porch door leading to kale's room.
      kale turns back --

      kale's pov - a bloody giles

      gets to his feet and heads toward the window.   kale turns
      for the ladder, starts climbing up.

      giles pursues, steps out the window as we see ashley, in the
      b.g., appear from kale's bedroom and race for the stairs!

