ext. ford of bruinen -- day

crane down: as the white horse races towards camera, to
reveal the wide river bruinen in the foreground.

without hesitation, the white horse leaps into the shallow
water and thunders across the ford. the 9 ringwraiths pull up
short of the ford, clearly nervous of the water. the white
horse reaches the other side...arwen pulls up and turns to
defiantly face the ringwraiths from across the ford.

                    witch king
          give up the halfling, she-elf! she draws
          her sword and yells at the witch king.

                    arwen
              (yelling)
          if you want him, come and claim him.

the witch king screeches angrily, draws his sword, and leads
the ringwraiths across the ford. the water starts flowing
faster...a distant rumble can be heard. arwen waits until
they are halfway across: she suddenly stands in the saddle
arms raised!

                    arwen (cont'd)
              (elvish)
          non o chithaeglir, lasto beth daer: rimmo
          nin briunen dan in ulaer!
                    (more)
                                                  (continued)

continued:
                    arwen (cont'd)
          nin o chitaeglir, lasto beth daer: rimmo
          nin bruinen dan in ulaer!

the ground suddenly trembles...a mighty roar fills the air!

frodo looks up weakly...to see a vast torrent of water
flooding down the river towards the ford...as if a dam had
burst! the foaming water seems to form the shape of dancing
white horses with frothing manes! the ringwraiths scream in
terror as they are swallowed up in the deluge. their piercing
cries are drowned in the roaring of the river as it carries
them away! close on: frodo as he loses consciousness...

                    arwen
              (upset)
          no, no...frodo, no!     frodo, don't give
          in...not now!

arwen gathers the small hobbit in her arms, feeling his life
slip away.

