ext. weathertop summit -- night

frodo, sam, merry, and pippin race into a ring of broken
stones on the summit or weathertop...the ruined base of an
ancient tower. the hobbits stand back-to-back in the centre
of the ring, waiting for the first assault... one by one, the
5 ringwraiths appear...brandishing gleaming swords, they move
slowly towards the hobbits. in the center is their
leader...the witch king!

                    sam
          back, you devils!

sam rushes forward with a cry. he swings his sword at the
witch king, who blocks the blow with his own sword. sam's
blade shatters...the witch king lashes out with his fist,
sending sam flying. merry and pippin, overcome with terror,
throw themselves flat on the ground. the ringwraiths close in
on frodo...a venomous whisper dances in his head...

frodo shuts his eyes and staggers back, desperately resisting
the wraith's whisperings... slow motion as his hand goes into
his pocket and pulls out the ring. the 5 ringwraiths utter a
chilling screech of excitement. frodo is unable to resist any
longer, falls to his knees and slips on the ring. he
disappears.



                                                  (continued)

continued:


                    sam (cont'd)
          no!

                                       in the twilight world:

                                                     angle on:

frodo finds himself in the weird twilight world...he looks
upon the ringwraiths, now visible in their true appearance:
five ghouls dressed in long grey robes, with white hair, and
pallid, ruthless faces. the witch king extends a haggard hand
towards frodo, reaching for the ring on his finger. frodo's
trembling hand extends forward as if by the pull of the
ring...he slides to the ground, unable to pull his hand away.
the witch king snarls and springs forward. he stabs at frodo
with a wicked dagger! frodo winces as the tip of the dagger
sinks into his shoulder. suddenly, strider charges at the
ringwraiths, wielding his sword in one hand, a flaming torch
in the other. he moves in slow motion, visible through a sea
of mist. frodo sinks to the ground. behind him is a faint
image of a ringwraith fleeing, his head engulfed in flames.
with draining strength, frodo manages to pull the ring off
his finger...

                                           in the real world:

...appearing back in the real world, sam rushes over to him.

                    sam (cont'd)
              (horrified)
          frodo!

another ringwraith is burning and screaming...others screech
fearfully at the flames, turn and flee form the weathertop
summit.

                    sam (cont'd)
              (panicked)
          mr. frodo!!

strider kneels before frodo. he snatches up the witch king's
dagger from the ground, staring gravely at the long, thin,
blade.

                    sam (cont'd)
          help him, strider!

                     strider
              (grim)
          he's been stabbed by a morgul blade. the
          morgul blade suddenly melts...vanishing
          into the air like smoke. strider throws
          the hilt down in disgust...

                                                 (continued)

continued: (2)


                    sam
          do something.

                    strider
          this is beyond my skill to heal.
              (urgently)
          he needs elvish medicine. strider lifts
          frodo onto his shoulders.

