     int.  somerset's office -- early evening

     seven large photos hang with the other materials on the wall:

     the seven tableau paintings.  gluttony, greed and sloth,
     followed by vanity.  vanity shows a woman standing in front of a
     mirror, staring at her image.  the floor around her is scattered
     with flowers.  the primary color is violet, and as in all the
     paintings, there is a quality of ugliness in the character.

                                 mills (o.s.)
                   ramirez.  manuel ramirez.

                                 somerset (o.s.)
                   no... i don't see any ramirez.

     the lust painting is next.  it shows a man standing over a
     woman.  the woman is nude, under a sheet, and the man's features
     are bizarre, lecherous.  he wants that woman.  there are apples
     on the floor and on the bed.  the color is red.

                                 mills (o.s.)
                   elinski.  dennis elinski.

                                 somerset (o.s.)
                   no.

     envy is particularly gruesome.  the devil is seen hovering in
     the air, wearing a crown, his body orange and slick, wrapped in
     a cloak of flames.  his arms held high, his right hand grips a
     sword, a bolt of lightning, arrows, wheat, thistles, etc.  his
     left hand, holds a plain globe around which a serpent has
     wrapped itself.  he looks down at several pitiful mortals in a
     pit of fire.  the mortals reach for him, yearn for him, the skin
     on their bodies is stretched taut over their bones.

                                 mills (o.s.)
                   atwater?  paul atwater.

                                 somerset (o.s.)
                   no.

     wrath shows a man surrounded by vaporous, satanic demons.  he
     stands in a puddle of blood, looking at his hands stained with
     and dripping blood.  other than the rich red, the color is blue.

     mills is at his desk, a good portion of the print-out list
     draped to the floor.  he rubs his eyes, sighing, gets back to
     it.  somerset, at the temporary desk, studies his orphan list.

                                 mills
                   okay, here we go.  listen to the books
                   this guy's been taking out...
                           (reading list)
                   basic homicide investigation.  forensic
                   toxicology... the encyclopedia of modern
                   serial killers...
                           (looks up, excited)
                   of human bondage.

                                 somerset
                   that's not what you think it is.

     mills is disappointed, runs his finger further down the page.

                                 mills
                   holy shit.  somerset...
                           (reading list)
                   the writings of saint thomas aquinas.

     mills points to the drawing of "the sun in splendor with the
     eye" which hangs on the wall.

                                 mills (cont)
                   aquinas.  right?

                                 somerset
                   that's right.  let me have it.

     mills looks at the page... searching...

                                 mills
                   fuck... he used a false name.

                                 somerset
                   how do you know?

                                 mills
                   his library card lists him as jonathan
                   doe.  john doe.

     mills sits back, angry.  something strikes somerset as odd.
     familiar.  he starts leafing quickly through the orphanage list.

                                 mills (cont)
                   what?

     somerset finds what he's looking for.

                                 somerset
                   christ... it's like a sick joke.

                                 mills
                   what are you talking about?

                                 somerset
                   there is one boy here.  he was
                   abandoned... no one knew who his
                   parents were, so he was named at the
                   orphanage...
                           (looks at mills)
                   john doe.  it's his legal name.


