     int.  precinct house, receiving lobby/booking -- day

     mills and somerset walk past booking cubicles and benches of
     handcuffed low-lifes.  the place is swimming with activity.

     the two detectives head to a duty desk at the end of the room.

                                 somerset
                   as soon as this is over, i'll be gone.

                                 mills
                   what a great big surprise that is.

     they pass through a gate and somerset goes to the staircase
     leading to the second floor.  mills stops at the duty desk.
     other cops are fighting for the duty sergeant's attention.

                                 mills (cont)
                   mills and somerset are on the premises.

                                 sergeant
                   wonder-fucking-ful.

     mills stops, looks.  somerset stops, looks back down the stairs.

     john doe stands inside the precinct house doors.  he holds out
     his arms as if to say "presto, here i am."

     near silence comes to the room as all eyes go to the figure of
     john doe.

     mills is riveted, finding this impossible to comprehend.

     one uniformed cop takes out his gun, points it at john doe.

                                 uniformed cop
                   it's him!

     several other cops drop what they're doing and draw weapons.
     mills, still off-balance, walks back through the gate, takes his
     gun out and points it at doe.

                                 mills
                   get down on the floor.

     somerset comes back down the stairs.

                                 somerset
                   be careful!

     cops move slowly in on doe from all sides.

                                 another cop
                   you heard him!  get on the floor!

     john doe gets on his knees, hands up.  mills moves close, but
     not too.  one cop comes from behind, nudges doe with his foot.

                                 one cop
                   spread your legs and get your hands out
                   in front of you.

                                 mills
                   get down!  face down!

     john doe gets on his stomach, obeys.  mills comes right up to
     doe, steps on his neck, puts his gun against doe's head.

                                 mills (cont)
                   don't move.  don't move a fucking inch.

     cops frisk and handcuff doe.  somerset comes beside mills.

                                 somerset
                   i don't believe it.

                                 john doe
                   hello, lieutenant somerset.

                                 cop
                   what the hell is this?

     the cop putting the handcuffs on doe holds up doe's hands.  doe
     winces.  every single one of doe's fingers has a bandage wrapped
     around it.  john doe looks up, his face pressed against the
     floor, glasses askew, mills' gun at his temple.

                                 john doe
                   i want to speak with my lawyer.


