     int.  abandoned church -- late afternoon

     much activity, as forensics with flashlights go about their
     business, checking every nook and cranny of the church, looking
     for any sign that someone's been here recently.  small temporary
     floodlights are hoisted on tripods.

     two photographers stand at the tops of tall ladders.  flash-
     photo after flash-photo is taken of the seven paneled tableau.

     near the open church doors, mills speaks with great animation,
     holding his ream of computer paper.  somerset looks at the altar
     and the tableau, preoccupied.

                                 mills
                   our guy's a bookworm, right?  and, i
                   know it's a long shot, but you have to
                   give a picture id and current phone bill
                   to get a library card.  hey...

     mills snaps his fingers in somerset's face, gets his attention.

                                 mills (cont)
                   i made two separate lists of books.  one
                   relating to the sins... dante's
                   purgatory, canterbury tales... the
                   dictionary of catholicism... all the
                   religious stuff.  the second list was
                   books about torture methods, mass
                   murderers... sadomasochism.  whatever
                   our killer might study to do the things
                   he's done.  whatever his other interests
                   are.

     somerset takes the computer list.

                                 somerset
                   so, what is this?

                                 mills
                   alright.  everything at the library goes
                   into a computer.  so, you can get in the
                   system and cross-reference...

     mills fumbles in his pocket, takes out his pad and reads.

                                 mills (cont)
                   let's say you take, dante's purgatory,
                   call number eight-five-one-d, and... the
                   biography of the marquis de sade,
                   ninety-two s-a-d-e.  put those books in
                   the system, and the computer can give
                   you the name of anyone who's ever taken
                   out both those books.  and, it doesn't
                   just give you their name and address, it
                   gives you a complete history of their
                   library reading habits.

     mills slaps the list in somerset's hand.

                                 mills (cont)
                           (psyched up)
                   if somebody's out there reading paradise
                   lost and studying the life and times of
                   charlie manson, i want to talk to them.

     somerset looks up from the list, warming to it.  he starts
     looking around, searching for someone.

