     ext.  city street, porno district -- night

     a bright, tawdry intersection.  neon swirls and circuit-bulbs on
     porno theatres provide the flash.  cars, taxies, and barkers
     urging sexual indulgence from doorways provide the noise.

     the streets and sidewalks are crowded with lonely humans, mostly
     men, looking around, sizing up promises made on porno placards:
     fun with nudes, big boobs, naked desire, etc.  the usual
     contingent of abnormal cretins wanders in the crowd, looking for
     someone to hurt.

     move through the crowds.  meet john, a balding, middle-aged man,
     wearing thick glasses.  there is not a single thing strange or
     unusual about his appearance.  follow him as he walks.  he's
     nervous, looking at the porno palaces.

     his sweaty hand clutches a bible tight against his chest.  he
     doesn't feel comfortable being here.

     john walks to a corner, waits for the light so he may cross.  a
     grotesque street preacher approaches waving his own bible.
     people walk away from him, so he confronts john.

                                 preacher
                   ...are you, sir?  is jesus christ your
                   lord and master?  do you believe in him?

     john tries to ignore, traffic blocking his escape.

                                 preacher (cont)
                           (pleading)
                   don't ignore me.  listen to what i have
                   to say.  christ can be your savior!

                                 john
                           (quiet anger)
                   leave me alone.

                                 preacher
                   think about god, sir.  i can help you
                   let him into your life.

     finally the light changes.  john turns and spits in the
     preacher's face.  the preacher recoils as john crosses quickly.

     john hurries between cars in the crosswalk.  the preacher curses
     from the corner, his voice drowned out in traffic.

