     int.  john doe's apartment, the paintroom -- night

     somerset enters from the room of notebooks.  this is john doe's
     art studio.  windowless, with several easels holding paintings
     in various states of completion.  the walls are covered with
     photos and finished canvases, except for one wall which is blank
     white.  somerset turns the lights off.

     there is a 16mm film projector on a table, facing the blank
     wall.  somerset turns the projector on.  it clatters to life,
     running a piece of film.

     the film is spliced into a non-stop loop. somerset watches the
     wall, light strobing across him.

     the projector shows an image of clouds drifting, with strange,
     superimposed angels in flowing robes floating jerkily.  it's
     like an old, hollywood version of heaven.

     the image switches abruptly to fire and tormented souls laboring
     around a pit of molten goo.  like heaven, it's a scratched piece
     of film from hollywood's early days.

     somerset turns to examine one of the paintings on an easel.  the
     painting has been skillfully rendered, in small, controlled
     brush strokes.  it shows a modern city street, stylized, dark.
     the city is peopled by mutated humans and freakish beasts.
     sinners in the streets, killing, raping, pillaging.  buildings
     are burning, blood is being spilled.  it's dense with detail.

     somerset walks to another painting which is covered by a drop
     cloth.  he removes the cloth, uncovers a huge canvas.  we do not
     see the painting, but when somerset does his features turn grim.

                                 mills (o.s.)
                   somerset!

     mills enters, tormented, weary.  he stands in the projector's
     bright beam, holds an 8" by 10" print.

                                 mills (o.s.)
                   somerset, we had him.  goddamn it.

     he hands a press pass and the photo to somerset.

                                 mills (cont)
                   the pass is a fake... we had him.

     somerset looks at the photo, a picture of mills and somerset on
     the stairwell of the slum apartment building; the picture john
     took when he posed as a reporter.

                                 mills (cont)
                   we were that close to him.

                                 somerset
                   i know.

     somerset motions to the huge canvas.  mills looks:

     the painting is frightening collage, thick with paint.  the
     photo of mills and somerset has been incorporated in bits and
     pieces.  duplicate images: enlarged eyes, hands, faces.  the
     faces have been ripped, scratched, mutilated.  grainy eyes with
     holes jabbed in them are mounted in paint beside chopped broken
     arms.  mills' head is on somerset's body, and vice versa.  it's
     like a sick, fragmented vision of a slaughter house floor.


