     int.  luxury apartment/crime scene, living room -- night

     this is where the greed murder took place.  somerset and mills
     are taking the constructivist painting off the wall.  nothing on
     the wall behind the painting.  blank space.

                                 mills
                   nothing.

                                 somerset
                   this has got to be it.

     somerset puts the painting down, resting it on its bottom edge.
     the frame is backed by a thick sheet of brown paper.  he points
     to where the wire used to be screwed into the frame, and to
     where it has been re-screwed.

                                 somerset (cont)
                   it has to be.  he changed the wire to
                   rehang it.

     somerset tears along the edge of the brown paper to get to the
     space between it and the canvas.  he tears out the entire sheet.
     mills helps pull it away, but there's nothing there.  empty.
     mills looks at both sides of the paper, then tosses it away.

                                 mills
                   it's nothing.

     somerset pays the painting down, face up.  he pokes his finger
     on the painted surface.  mills watches as somerset kneels, takes
     out a credit card and presses it's edge against the canvas,
     trying to peel up some of the paint.

                                 mills (cont)
                   give it up.  the killer didn't paint the
                   fucking thing.

     somerset pushes the painting away, stands, frustrated.

                                 mills (cont)
                   he fucked us.

     somerset backs away from the wall, staring at the space where
     the painting hung.  there is only a nail.  he stares intently,
     then turns and walks out of the room.

     mills holds his hands to his temples, furious.  somerset can be
     heard from the other room, going through drawers, dropping
     things.  glass is heard breaking.  mills grabs a lamp and throws
     it on the floor.

                                 mills (cont)
                   son of a bitch!

     somerset comes back in, holding something.  he steps over the
     lamp and goes to the blank wall space.

                                 mills (cont)
                   what?

                                 somerset
                   bear with me.

     mills watches.  somerset has a woman's make-up compact in hand.
     he opens it, uses the soft brush to begin applying the red rouge
     powder to the wall around the nail.

                                 mills
                           (incredulous)
                   oh, yeah, sure.  you got to be kidding.

                                 somerset
                   shut up and wait!

     somerset brushes with wider strokes.  he blows, leans very close
     to the wall to study the powder.  leans closer still.  pause.

                                 somerset (cont)
                   call the print lab.  now.


