     ext.  urban street of row homes -- night

     this rotting neighborhood lives in the shadow of a single fat
     skyscraper.  mills walks, looks at the broken refrigerators and
     pieces of junk in the gutter.

     ahead in the street, two young thugs struggle with a crowbar to
     break into the trunk of a parked car.

     mills draws near.  one thug looks up, doesn't think mills will
     be a problem, continues prying.  mills stops, calm.

                                 mills
                   is that your car, man?

                                 first thug
                   what the fuck do you care?

     mills pauses, switches his beer bottle to his other hand.

                                 mills
                   does that car belong to you?

     the thugs look at each other, gauging.  they face mills.

                                 first thug
                   yeah, it's my car, alright?  fuck off.

                                 mills
                   you're telling me that's your car?

     the second thug starts the long way round the car.

                                 second thug
                   well, for some strange reason, i don't
                   believe you.

     mills gives a "isn't that silly" laugh, shifts his gaze --

     sees the first thug slide the crowbar so it's held as a weapon.

                                 first thug
                           (steps forward)
                   you can fucking suck my...

     mills swiftly finishes that sentence by smashing his bottle
     against the first thug's head.  the thug falls, swings blindly.

     the second thug moves from the side, brings out a knife.

     mills averts, swings, pounds the side of his fist into the
     second thug's face -- crack.  broken nose.

     the second thug stumbles back, drops the knife, his nose
     squirting blood.

     mills turns, enraged, breathing hard.

     the first thug is screaming, trying to stand.  mills takes one
     step, punts the first thug's head.  the crowbar clatters away.

     mills is in the process of kicking a man when he's down, when
     the second thug grabs him from behind, pulls him backwards.

     mills clutches at the thug's arm, trying to avoid a choke-hold.
     they both struggle spastically.  the thug's winning.

     gurgling, gasping for air, mills shifts his weight, drops to one
     knee and spins the thug, slamming him against the car.

     mills breaks loose, grabs a handful of the second thug's hair
     and holds the man's head against the car's side window.  mills'
     free hand pounds the thug's face: once, twice -- third time's
     the charm as the window shatters.  the thug goes out cold.

     mills backs off, still incensed.  he rubs his throat, looking at
     the two prone men.  slowly, he regains some composure.

     he takes a keychain from his pocket.  he unlocks the door of the
     car, loads one of the thugs into the back seat.  he walks to
     collect the other thug off the street.


