     int.  abandoned church -- afternoon

     somerset pushes the door.  he and bleeker enter from the
     classroom into the far back corner of the church.  big church.
     shafts of colored light needle through the holes in the pieces
     of wood and cloth that cover the broken stained glass windows.

     somerset walks down the center aisle between deteriorated pews.
     rats run.  pigeons flap about, dirt drifting off their wings.

     somerset shines his flashlight forward to the rather barren
     altar.  to the right, at the top of the altar stairs, there is a
     stone statue of a saint with his arms outstretched, welcoming.

     the life-size saint is covered in spider-webs.  tiny spiders
     crawl across his eyes, which look down on somerset.

                                 bleeker
                   saint jerome emiliani.  the patron saint
                   of orphans.

     somerset shines the flashlight against the back altar wall,
     revealing a wooden carving of christ crucified.

                                 somerset
                   is this still the lord's house?

                                 bleeker
                   of course it is.

                                 somerset
                   and, even if father stone was guilty of
                   everything... if he was hurting children
                   here?  it's still the lord's house?

     father bleeker finds this talk insulting and offensive.

                                 bleeker
                   you have no faith, somerset?  have you
                   given up on the church entirely?

                                 somerset
                   no.
                           (pause)
                   that's not what i've given up on.

     somerset notices two ends of a thick rope suspended from the
     ceiling above the center of the altar.  he looks up, following
     the rope with the flashlight, when he notices something else.
     his mouth drops.  bleeker looks, and is equally horrified.

     above them, in the beam of light: seven large paintings on
     panels tilted forward at the curve of the ceiling above the
     altar.  seven ancient paintings; seven deadly sins.

     the beam of light moves to the panel to the immediate right: a
     painting of a man kneeling, grasping at gold coins all around
     him.  the man is naked, as was the victim of the greed murder.
     the chief color in this panel is a vulgar yellow.

     the third in the series is sloth.  the painting, in indigo,
     shows a man at rest in a pliant bed.  the skeletal man's eyes
     are rolled up in their sockets.  he is covered in slimy worms.


