     int.  mill's apartment, living room -- night

     mills stands brooding over a photocopy of the picture of the
     woman with her eyes circled in blood.  he looks overworked,
     drinks coffee.  his desk is swamped with files.

                                 man's voice (o.s.)
                   i have voiced the same concerns to our
                   law enforcement officials, and they
                   assure me he is of the highest caliber.

     mills looks to a t.v. on a table, picks up a remote, increases
     the volume.  on the screen, martin talbot, 47, source of the
     voice, stands before reporters.  he's a powerful presence, with
     a gold tooth in the front of his mouth.

                                 a reporter (v.o.)
                           (from t.v.)
                   as district attorney, don't you feel
                   some responsibility?  detective david
                   mills lacks the experience...

                                 talbot (v.o.)
                           (from t.v.)
                   i've always said... i've always said,
                   don't send a boy to do a man's job.

     mills is hanging on every word.

                                 talbot (v.o.,cont)
                   but, david mills has a sterling record
                   with the philadelphia force.  i stand
                   behind him one hundred percent.

                                 mills
                           (relieved)
                   you tell 'em boss.  detective david
                   mills is a wonderful human being...

                                 talbot (v.o.)
                   however... however... let me say this...

     mills looks back at the television.

                                 talbot (v.o.,cont)
                   if detective mills, at any point in this
                   investigation... if he is not pulling
                   his weight, i will be the first in line
                   to pull his plug.

     mills points the remote, turns the t.v. off as reporters crowd
     talbot.  mills stares at the blank screen, dispirited.

     across the room, tracy stands in the doorway.  mills does not
     see her.  he looks at the photocopy and sits at his desk.

     tracy watches him, great concern in her sad eyes.


