     int.  apartment 604 -- night

     mills is in a dark mood.  he and dr. o'neill stand by a woman
     who hangs by a noose from the ceiling.  the woman's head has
     been bandaged sloppily with white gauze and tape.  her eyes have
     been left uncovered.  the gauze is stained red in small spots.

     the woman hangs low, so her feet are inches from the floor where
     piles of dried flowers and a cordless telephone lay.  there's a
     chair knocked over behind her.

     o'neill's going through his black bag.  a violet, velvet curtain
     has been draped on the wall in the corner, behind a full length
     mirror.  the mirror reflects the corpse.  a seven-pointed star
     is smeared in lipstick on the mirror's surface, with the words i
     did not kill her, she was given a choice below.

     somerset enters from the bathroom, looks at the murder display.

                                 mills
                   pride.  just like in the painting.

     somerset nods.  he walks to a dresser.  the woman's purse sits
     open and somerset extracts her driver's license.  he looks at
     the photo.  the woman in the picture is beautiful.

                                 somerset
                   you can see what he did.

     o'neill steps up to the woman.  he brandishes dull scissors.
     the captain enters with two uniform cops.  he looks around,
     grim, clenching his jaw.

                                 mills
                   cut her up... dressed the wounds.  he
                   put the noose around her neck and stood
                   her on the chair.

                                 somerset
                   she had the telephone.

                                 mills
                   call for help, and you'll live.  but,
                   you'll be mutilated.

                                 somerset
                   or, kick out the chair, and spare
                   yourself a lifetime of hideousness.

     o'neill's cutting the bandages on the woman's face.  he pulls
     them away in front.  mills looks, disgusted by the sight.

     somerset sits in a chair, runs his fingers through his hair.

                                 o'neill
                   he cut off her nose to spite her face.
                   and he did it very recently.

                                 captain
                   alright, boys, you're running on empty.
                   go home.  just make sure you sleep with
                   the phone between your knees.


