     int.  apartment/crime scene, kitchen -- morning

     somerset and mills enter.  somerset takes out the jar of plastic
     scrapings, turns on the now normal light.  they begin to search.

                                 somerset
                   he was force-fed... till his body
                   started rejecting the food.  he
                   literally couldn't eat another bite.

                                 mills
                   so, the killer held a bucket under him.

                                 somerset
                   his throat was swollen from the effort.
                   he was bleeding internally.
                   he must have blacked out... and, if
                   you're the killer, you're not going to
                   want to wait around for him to die.

     somerset examines the counter tops and wall.  mills gets down on
     his knees, examines the linoleum floor.

                                 mills
                   you kick him, pop him like a fucking
                   balloon.
                           (touches floor)
                   somerset, look here.

     somerset gets down, holds the jar against the linoleum.

                                 somerset
                   same color and texture.

     they both crawl on hands and knees, study every inch of floor.

                                 mills
                   if this is what that is... it doesn't
                   make sense.  it doesn't figure.

                                 somerset
                   always look for one thing to focus on.
                   there's always one singular thing, and
                   it might be as small as a speck of dust,
                   but find it and focus... till it's an
                   exhausted possibility.

                                 mills
                   how are pieces of the floor going to get
                   in the guy's stomach?

                                 somerset
                   exactly.  why would so many pieces be
                   inside his stomach unless they were
                   placed there intentionally?

     somerset notices deep scratches in the linoleum, fingers the
     grooves.  he takes a piece of plastic from the jar, holds it to
     the scratches, fiddles with it, fits it in.  he looks up to see,
     these scratches are in front of the refrigerator.  it looks like
     they were caused by the refrigerator having been pulled away
     from the wall and pushed back at some time.

