     int.  william's studio/apartment -- night

     somerset walks through this vast artist's studio, a converted
     warehouse space filled with canvases.  it's clear the works at
     the underground art gallery were william's.  william climbs a
     ladder to a loft storage space.  he moves cautiously, like he's
     not quite up to the task.

                                 william
                   i always figured that's the only reason
                   you and i used to be friends.  because i
                   was a friend of hers.

     william yanks a painting wrapped in dusty paper, climbs down.

                                 william (cont)
                   speaking of which...

     william hands the painting to somerset, walks to a director's
     chair facing a paint-splashed canvas on an easel.  he is a used-
     up man, bound in an apathy-induced haze.  he sits, picks up a
     squeeze bottle of orange paint from a table of supplies.

                                 william (cont)
                   i painted that about five years ago.  i
                   always told myself i'd give it to you
                   next time i saw you.

     somerset starts unwrapping the painting.

     william "paints," using the squeeze bottles and by flicking
     saturated brushes so that the paint flies against the canvas.
     most times, he's not even looking at the canvas or colors he's
     using.  he looks over his shoulder at somerset.

                                 william (cont)
                   things are different these days, pal.
                   you wouldn't believe it...

     somerset looks at the unwrapped painting and is hit by a swell
     of memories.  horribly sad memories.  it's a portrait in oils of
     a pretty, red-headed woman.

     william shoots red paint with one hand, concentrates on
     lighting a filterless cigarette with the other.

                                 william (cont)
                   people buy my paintings now... they
                   drive down in their bmws and rolls
                   royces.  it's the new money generation.
                   i guess they think they're touching the
                   avant-garde...

     william looks at his creation, then calmly kicks the easel over.

                                 william (cont)
                   there's another thousand dollar william
                   mccracken expression of anarchy.

     william gets up, walks across the wet canvas, leaving
     footprints.  he looks down at what he's done.

                                 william (cont)
                   make that two thousand.

     he laughs.  somerset holds up the delicately rendered portrait.

                                 somerset
                   how is she?  have you seen her recently?

                                 william
                   huh... oh.  no.  she moved out of the
                   city.  last winter.  she married some
                   businessman, or something like that.

     somerset fights the anguish this causes, puts the painting down.

                                 somerset
                   good for her.
                           (pause)
                   i'm leaving soon myself.  i'm finally
                   getting out.

                                 william
                   yeah?  what happened to the idealistic
                   super-cop i used to know?

                                 somerset
                   he became a realist.

     william grunts, flicks his cigarette away, takes out a bag of
     pills.  he palms a few, notices the judgment in somerset's eyes.

                                 william
                   oh... sorry.

     william turns his back to somerset, pops the pills.  out of
     sight, out of mind.  somerset is disappointed, disgusted.

                                 somerset
                           (sarcastic)
                   not that i don't appreciate your recent
                   artistic endeavors... but, what happened
                   to the painter i used to know?

     william smiles like a dolt, laughs a little.

                                 william
                   i can't remember.

