     int.  somerset's car -- night

     tracy looks out through the windshield, fighting tears.

                                 tracy
                   i've visited so many of the schools,
                   looking for work, you know.  and, the
                   conditions are... horrible.  i can't
                   believe how bad it is.
                           (pause)
                   children shouldn't have to grow up here.

                                 somerset
                   you can always look into the private
                   schools.  you'll find something.

     somerset gives her a handkerchief.  she wipes her tears.

                                 somerset (cont)
                   you're too hard on yourself, tracy.

     she will not look at him, keeping herself under control.

                                 somerset (cont)
                   it's okay to hate this city.  it's
                   natural.  but, there is a bright side in
                   all this.  there is.  you want to hear
                   it?

     tracy is able to muster a small smile.

                                 tracy
                   oh, god, yes.  please.

                                 somerset
                   i can't think of another place that
                   needs education more than this city.
                   and you're a teacher.  you can make a
                   difference in a few people's lives.
                   it's a very good thing.

     tracy leans to give him a kiss on the cheek.

                                 tracy
                   goodnight, somerset.

     they remain close, looking into each other's eyes.

                                 somerset
                  goodnight.

     somerset reaches to touch tracy's face.  they kiss.  they kiss a
     long time.  tracy wraps her arms around somerset's neck.
     somerset runs his fingers through tracy's hair.  they share
     their sorrow.  tracy's tears run down her face.  finally, they
     part, opening their eyes.

     they know this is wrong.  somerset's hands are shaking.  he
     grips the wheel, feels helpless.

                                 somerset (cont)
                   i'm sorry, tracy.  i'm sorry.

     tracy's face is flushed.  she is confused.

                                 tracy
                   i... i better go.

     tracy gets out, neglects to close the door, not looking back.

     somerset tries to come to his senses.  he doesn't understand
     either, and his heart is aching.  he adjusts the rearview mirror
     to watch tracy go.

     insert -- through rearview mirror -- somerset's p.o.v.

     tracy walks down the block, straightening her hair.  she runs.

