     int.  apartment/crime scene, kitchen -- night

     the police photographer packs up, hoists his camera and
     equipment bag.  somerset and mills enter.  mills puts on his own
     pair of rubber gloves.  the grubby kitchen is small; barely room
     for four people to move around in.  the photographer exits:

                                 photographer
                   bon appetit.

     the only light is a murky green illumination from the ceiling.

     the light bathes an obese man who is slumped forward in a
     kitchen chair, face-down-dead in a plate of spaghetti.

     the sizable kitchen table's green tablecloth is covered with
     soiled paper plates.  the plates hold bits of half-eaten
     sandwiches, potatoes, donuts and other junk-food remnants.

     mills and somerset turn on their flashlights.  mills points his
     at the green bulb above.  aluminum foil has been wrapped around
     the bulb to focus the light on the corpse.

     somerset sweeps the room with his flashlight.  he goes to the
     body and kneels beside it.  there's a rope tied around the
     man's wide gut.  mills comes to stand beside somerset.

                                 mills
                   i guess that makes it homicide.

     somerset crouches lower, uses a pen to lift one of the dead
     man's pants cuffs.  rope is tied around the purplish ankle.

     mills examines the knots behind the chair's back.  shines his
     flashlight on the man's belly.

                                 mills (cont)
                   still, he could have tied himself in.
                   to make it look like murder.

     somerset isn't listening, focused on the corpse.  he studies the
     man's head and neck without touching.

                                 mills (cont)
                   i don't see any blood or bruises yet.
                   no wounds.  you see anything?

                                 somerset
                           (irritated)
                   not yet.

     somerset stands, points his flashlight: the obese man's stiff
     hands are clutching utensils.  a knife in the left hand, a fork
     sticking straight up in the right with a hunk of meat hanging
     skewered.  cockroaches swarm.

     mills turns to the sink and stove.  each burner of the stove has
     a used pot or pan on it.  there's food slopped everywhere.

                                 mills
                   i saw a guy once... committed suicide,
                   but he wanted to make sure his family
                   could collect insurance money, right?

     somerset walks to the room's only window.  the window has been
     painted over with black paint.  he touches the window with his
     pinkie finger.  the paint is still wet.

     mills goes to a trash can by the refrigerator.  the trash can is
     full to the brim with empty food containers.

                                 mills (cont)
                   so, this guy took this big knife... and
                   he held it behind him, put the tip of it
                   in his back, and he ran backwards into
                   the wall.  cause, he thought it was
                   going to look like someone stabbed him
                   in the back.

     mills opens the refrigerator.  it's nearly empty.

                                 mills (cont)
                   except, he poked a big fucking hole in
                   the dry wall when he did it.

                                 somerset
                   if you could... spare me the anecdotes
                   for now.  leave the refrigerator open
                   for the light.

                                 mills
                           (sarcastic)
                   oh, forgive me.  i thought we had this
                   male-bonding thing going.  my mistake.

     somerset looks at the floor, deep in thought.  his flashlight
     beam follows a trail of dripped sauces, soups and bits of food
     running from the stove to the table.

                                 somerset
                   what do you smell?  other than him, and
                   all the food.

                                 mills
                           (sniffs)
                   i don't know... there's something.

     somerset goes close to the table, then leans to peer under.

                                 somerset
                   a bucket.

     somerset points the flashlight and mills crouches, pulls up the
     tablecloth on his side of the table.  two large dead rats lay on
     the floor beside a metal bucket.

     mills grimaces, slides under the table, careful to avoid the
     rats.  he looks in the bucket.  he leans back, baffled.

                                 mills
                   it's vomit.

     he looks at somerset under the table.

                                 mills (cont)
                   it's a bucket of vomit.

                                 somerset
                   is there any blood in it?

                                 mills
                   can't tell by looking.

     somerset stands, perplexed, stares at the dead man.  there is a
     knock at the door.  the detectives look to doctor thomas
     o'neill, 52, the medical examiner.  o'neill is a frumpy man,
     seems a bit gone, looking at the green bulb.

                                 o'neill
                   mood lighting.  very sixties.

     he drops his bag on the floor, sorts through the contents.

                                 mills
                           (to somerset)
                   you think he was poisoned?

     mills goes to the trash can, pokes the garbage with a pencil.

                                 mills (cont)
                   and, those rats there somehow ate the
                   poison off the floor?

                                 somerset
                   guessing this early is useless.

                                 o'neill
                   you girls have got the forensics guys
                   out there chompin' at the bit.  don't
                   know if we'll all fit in here though.

     mills continues searching the garbage.

                                 mills
                   there's room.  light's the problem.

                                 somerset
                   well, three is certainly a crowd in
                   here.  and, with four, someone's bound
                   to be stepping on evidence.
                           (pause)
                   detective mills, go help the officers
                   question the neighbors.

                                 mills
                           (not pleased)
                   thanks, but no thanks.  i'll stay on
                   this.

     somerset watches o'neill at the corpse.  o'neill points a thin
     flashlight with his mouth, his hands free for the examination.

                                 somerset
                           (not looking up)
                   send one forensic in on your way out.

     mills is pissed.  he lifts his flashlight to shine it on the
     side of somerset's face.

     a moment passes.  somerset looks at mills, light shining
     directly in somerset's eyes.  a longer moment.  mills switches
     the light off.  he leaves.

     o'neill unceremoniously places both hands on the dead man's
     head, lifts the swollen visage from the spaghetti.

                                 o'neill
                   he is dead.


