     int.  slum apartment, main room -- morning

     somerset moves in, looks around.  he notices the area around the
     bed, the ceiling, walls and floor, has been painted indigo,
     while the rest of the room is its original white.  on a wall, a
     white sheet is pinned up with a square drawn on it in excrement.

                                 mills
                   i said get up, sleepyhead!

     mills pulls the indigo blanket off the bed, reveals the
     shriveled, sore-covered form of a black man who is blindfolded
     and tied to the bed with a thin wire wrapped time and time again
     around the bed.  tubes lead from the stained loincloth around
     the man's waist and snake under the bed.  the victim is
     partially covered by what seem to be piles of black spaghetti.

                                 california
                   oh, fuck me!

     somerset pushes past the cops who recoil from the stench.

                                 mills
                   holy shit.

                                 somerset
                   sloth... it's sloth.

     the black cop touches the black spaghetti.  holds a piece.

                                 black cop
                   what the hell... those are dead worms.

                                 california
                           (to somerset)
                   check this out, dick.

     california points with his gun to the end of the black man's
     right arm.  the hand is gone, severed at the wrist long ago.

                                 mills
                   it's him.  it's zero.

                                 somerset
                   someone call an ambulance.

                                 california
                   someone call a hearse, more like.

     the female cop has gone to the wall where the sheet is pinned
     up.  she pulls the sheet aside and finds: fifty-two polaroid
     pictures; all pictures of zero tied to the bed, with a date
     written at the bottom of each.  it is a visual history of zero's
     physical decay.  the blond cop enters from the other room.

                                 blond cop
                   what the fuck is going on?

                                 mills
                   hey, california.  get your people out.

     somerset takes out rubber gloves and puts them on.

                                 california
                   you heard him.  hit the hall, and don't
                   touch anything.

     the other cops file out as mills goes to examine the polaroids
     under the sheet.  somerset replaces the sheet over zero's body.
     california stays by his side.

                                 california (cont)
                   it looks like he's some kind of friggin'
                   wax sculpture.

     somerset places his finger along zero's throat.

                                 mills
                   somerset, you... you better look here.

     mills studies the polaroids.  somerset walks to join him.

                                 mills (cont)
                   all pictures of zero tied to the bed.
                           (crouches)
                   the last one's dated three days ago.

     somerset looks at the first photo.  in it, zero is bound and
     gagged, but he is fit, healthy.

                                 somerset
                           (awed)
                   the first photo... it's dated one year
                   ago.  almost to the day.

     california lifts zero's blanket to peek under, examining with
     morbid curiosity.

                                 california
                   mo-ther...

     mills kneels and lifts the bottom of the sheet off the floor,
     finds an open shoebox.  on the box: to the detectives.

                                 mills
                   what's this?

     california leans close to zero's gaunt, blindfolded face.

                                 california
                   you got what you deserved, zero.

     somerset leans down beside mills.  mills looks through the
     shoebox.  inside are plastic, zip-lock bags.  one bag contains
     small clumps of hair, one contains a yellow liquid...

                                 mills
                   a urine sample... hair sample...
                   fingernail clippings.  he's laughing at
                   us.

     california is still close to zero's face when suddenly zero's
     lips twist.  zero lets out a loud, guttural bark.  california
     jerks back in fear, shouting, falling over a chair.

     mills and somerset reel, standing.  they see california on the
     ground, scared out of his mind, pointing.

                                 california
                   he's alive!

     mills and somerset look towards the bed.

     zero's lips move feebly as he lets out a sick, gurgling moan.

                                 california
                   he's still alive!


