     int.  luxury apartment/crime scene, living room -- morning

     gross, deep yellow light comes through the only window with its
     blinds up.  the light anoints a nude man displayed, dead.

                                 detective (o.s.)
                   ...this is your guy who did this.

     the nude dead man's legs are folded under him as if he were
     kneeling, and he's bent forward, chin on the floor.  his eyes
     are open, his arms outstretched before him.  mills and somerset
     walk to either side of the man.

     the detective closes the door, bites his thumbnail.  the
     apartment is on a high floor, so it's quiet.

     somerset sees the window has been covered with a sheet of yellow
     gel, stapled in place to produce the colored light.

     mills examines the corpse.  there's a chair one foot behind the
     nude man.  it's an elegant leather chair, drenched in blood.
     there's a carving knife on the carpet in the middle of a huge
     stain of blood under the chair.  mills looks at pieces of cut
     rope on the floor behind the chair.  the rope is knotted.

     somerset crouches beside the body.  there's a big piece of flesh
     missing from the man's left side, as if the love-handle had been
     lopped off.  hundreds of pennies lie scattered under and around
     the man.  the man's hands are palms up, fingers wrapped around
     more pennies.

     mills walks over to examine a scale on the floor between the
     corpse and the doorway.  it's an old-fashioned counter-balance
     scale with two suspended dishes on a see-saw arm.  in the high
     dish: the hunk of flesh missing from the man's side.  in the low
     dish: a one pound counterweight.

                                 mills
                           (to somerset)
                   a pound of flesh.

     somerset stands and walks backwards to view the entire scene
     from near the door.

     he looks worried, vaguely frightened.  he turns his head, looks
     to a far wall.  beside a big, abstract, constructivist painting,
     there's a note pinned up inside a triangular smear of blood.


