     int.  abandoned church -- night

     flickering orange light from hundreds of once tall orange
     candles, now burnt low.  they greet somerset, in the church's
     old candle racks, on the floor, on the altar and all through out
     the pews.

     somerset's eyes try to adjust to the light.  he holds his gun
     ready, walks down the long center aisle.

                                 john doe (o.s.)
                   hello, somerset.

     doe sounds far, his voice echoing from the front of the church.

                                 somerset
                   where's david?

                                 john doe (o.s.)
                   he's here.  with me.

                                 somerset
                   tell me what you want.

     somerset can see through the heat warp.  doe stands facing him
     from the altar.

                                 john doe
                   what do i want?  the same you... i want
                   an ending.  stay where you are.  put
                   your gun on the floor and slide it all
                   the way down here.

     somerset obeys, bends, slides the gun down the aisle till it
     hits the bottom altar stair.  he keeps walking, slowly.

                                 somerset
                   i want to see him.  show me mills.

     on the altar, doe is sweating hard, standing over mills.  mills
     is slumped forward on the floor, unconscious.  his bullet-proof
     vest has been removed.

     mills' hands are tied tight together in front of him, tied to
     one end of the thick rope suspended from the ceiling.  doe holds
     the other end of the rope, has his gun tucked under his belt.

                                 john doe
                   you're an intelligent man, somerset.
                   you understand what you're a part of,
                   don't you?  when this is finished, it
                   will seem surreal, but it will be a
                   whole, crystalline reality.  and, no one
                   will be able to deny it, no matter how
                   hard they try.

     doe's voice is thick with passion.  somerset is about halfway
     down the aisle, still moving.

                                 somerset
                   you're a murderer.  that's all.  the
                   only way you've distinguished yourself
                   is by your particular brutality.

     doe walks across the altar.

                                 john doe
                   you know that's not true.  you know.

                                 somerset
                   you're killing innocent people, and i
                   should admire you?  you're doing it
                   because it gives you pleasure.  that's
                   the only purpose... your sick pleasure.

     doe picks up a container of gasoline, looks out at somerset.

                                 john doe
                   stay where you are!

     somerset stops.

                                 john doe (cont)
                   i won't deny my personal desires.  i
                   won't.

     doe begins dousing mills with gasoline, covering mills' body and
     clothing.  mills stirs, coming to.  he coughs, choking on the
     gas and fumes.

                                 john doe (cont)
                   but, i don't mourn the victims in this
                   any more than i mourn the thousands who
                   died in sodom and gomorrah.

     somerset looks fearful.  he starts approaching again.

                                 somerset
                   all you've done is cause more misery and
                   pain!  you've given people all the more
                   reason to believe there is no god!

     somerset eyes his gun at the bottom of the stairs.

     doe sees somerset moving, throws the gas can away, takes out his
     gun.  doe walks to the edge of the altar, all the time holding
     his end of the rope.

                                 john doe
                   stop!

     somerset is twitching with anger, looking at the gun about
     fifteen feet in front of him.

     mills manages to look up, weak, his eyes barely able to open
     because of the stinging gasoline.

                                 mills
                   somerset?

     doe takes one step down off the altar.  somerset is still edging
     forward, hands out away from his body.

                                 somerset
                   do you really think i'm just going to
                   let this happen?!  you think i'm going
                   to let him die?

                                 john doe
                   yes.

     doe fires his gun and the bullet slams into the front of
     somerset's bullet-proof vest.  somerset flies back, knocking
     over a rack of candles on his way to the floor.

     doe walks quickly back onto the altar.

                                 mills
                   motherfucker!

     mills tries to grab at doe as he passes, but doe turns and kicks
     mills in the ribs.  mills cringes in pain.

     somerset lays in the aisle, on his stomach, gasping.  he can't
     catch his breath, his twisted face pressed against the floor.

                                 john doe
                   how can you speak of god, somerset?
                   when was the last time you spoke his
                   name?

     mills tries to rub the gas out of his eyes with his bound hands.

     his mind works feverishly.  he looks around to see where he is,
     then he searches the floor.  we can see, inside his open shirt,
     the bleeding, upside-down cross doe has cut into his chest.

     doe walks back to shout angrily down at somerset.

                                 john doe (cont)
                   when did you last speak his name?  was
                   it in prayer?  or, did you say the
                   lord's name after you stubbed your big
                   toe?  or, did you use his name to curse
                   another man?

     somerset holds his chest, blinking, trying not to black out.

     mills finds a piece of broken stained glass on the floor.  he
     picks it up, palms it, still choking on gasoline.

     doe walks over to the statue of saint jerome emiliani, pulling
     the rope from above so it goes taut and mills' arms raise above
     his head.  doe wraps the rope around emiliani's arm.

                                 mills
                   i'm going to kill you, johnny.  i'm
                   going to see you dead.

     doe begins twisting the loose end of the rope around the statue.

                                 john doe
                   the irony, david, is that you policemen
                   and i want the same things.  but, you
                   are so short sighted.  in this city,
                   where you can see a deadly sin on every
                   street corner... and in every home, we
                   want repentance.

     mills clutches the glass piece and starts cutting the rope just
     above his hands.

                                 john doe (cont)
                   we want good over evil.  we want values
                   instilled in the children.  we want a
                   world where a man or woman can lead a
                   decent life.
                           (pause)
                   wisdom, understanding, counsel,
                   fortitude, knowledge, piety, and fear of
                   the lord.  such simple concepts.  why
                   are they non-existent?

     somerset manages to life his head, struggles to his knees.

                                 somerset
                           (weakly)
                   let him go, god damn you.

     doe checks to make sure the rope around saint emiliani is secure,
     tightening the knots.

                                 john doe
                   there were two men once, who had
                   wonderful gardens.  two gardens of
                   flowers that went on as far as the eye
                   could see.  beautiful gardens... the
                   fragrance was inspiration in itself.

     doe stands behind emiliani, heaves against the statue.

     mills watches, gritting his teeth, rubbing the glass against the
     rope, fingers bleeding.

                                 john doe (cont)
                   but, both gardens were beset by
                   problems.  weeds started to take root,
                   and there were infestations of insects
                   and diseases.  the gardens started to
                   turn putrid.  and, one man fought to
                   save his garden, because he could never
                   forget how it once was.  everyday he cut
                   the weeds, and killed the insects.
                   fought the diseases.

     doe finally topples the statue, down the altar stairs, and the
     other end of the rope pulls mills upwards, screaming in pain.
     mills is held, about eight feet in the air, legs dangling.

                                 john doe (cont)
                   that man never had a beautiful garden
                   again.

                                 mills
                   fuck you!

                                 john doe
                   the other man plowed his garden under.
                           (pause)
                   he plowed it under the soil.  he started
                   over.

     somerset gets to his feet, steadying himself on a pew.

     doe walks across the altar, picks up a long metal pole with a
     thick wick and candle snuffer on the end.  he lights the wick
     from a near candle.  the flame burns long and thin.  he looks
     down at somerset, takes out his gun.

                                 john doe (cont)
                   stay there, somerset.  or, i'll kill him
                   right now.

     doe holds the flaming pole up, near mills.

     somerset stops.  he looks up at mills.

     mills is straining.  he nods to somerset, and somerset sees
     mills cutting at the rope.

                                 somerset
                   alright... you don't have to do this,
                   john.  you've already made your point.

                                 john doe
                   do you think i chose this?  can you even
                   begin to understand how painful my
                   existence has been?  it's like... like
                   having every sense heightened beyond
                   comprehension.

     doe lowers the flame, standing below and beside mills, with his
     attention focused on somerset.

                                 john doe (cont)
                   so that the stench of the street coats
                   your throat like bile.  so, sugar is so
                   sweet it... it makes your bones ache to
                   the marrow.

                                 somerset
                   you're insane.  that's why.

                                 john doe
                           (seething)
                   no!  you're wrong!

     mills continues cutting, bleeding, almost through the rope.  he
     begins to swing his feet slightly, his body swaying.

                                 john doe (cont)
                   i was chosen.  and i've wished a
                   thousand times i could have been a
                   normal man.  like david mills, a common
                   man... with a common life.  but, wishing
                   that is my sin.  i can't have it and i
                   shouldn't.

     doe steps towards mills.

                                 somerset
                   don't do this!

                                 john doe
                   i meant what i said.  i admire david
                   mills.  i envy david mills.
                           (pause)
                   envy is my sin.

                                 somerset
                   no!

     just as doe is to put the flame to mills, the rope is finally
     cut through.  mills drops, swinging his legs forward, smashing
     doe in the face, knocking doe's glasses off.

     mills hits the floor with a thud.

     somerset runs forward.

                                 somerset (cont)
                   david, get out!

     doe has fallen back, dropping the metal pole.  mills scrambles
     to his feet and charges at doe, shouting.

     doe squints, screaming, raises his gun.  fires twice!

     the bullets catch mills in mid-run, and carry him off his feet,
     backwards.

     somerset grips his own gun, just as mills' body falls, tumbles
     off the altar area and down the stairs in front of him.

                                 somerset (cont)
                   no!

     somerset lets out a scream of pain and rage that chokes in his
     throat.  he falls to his knees and halts mills' body.

     somerset's shaking, unable to breathe, turning mills over and
     cradling his head in his arms.  tears come to his eyes.

                                somerset (cont)
                   david... david?  please...

     on the altar, doe throws his gun away.  he starts feeling around
     him, unsteady, looking for his glasses.

     mills' eyes are closed.  he is still, bloody.  he swallows.

     with one gasp, without a word, he is dead.

     somerset looks up at doe, vision blurred by rage and tears.

     doe stands, putting on his glasses, faces somerset.

     somerset lays mills' body down.  stands, walks up towards the
     altar, raises his gun.

                                 somerset (cont)
                   you.

     doe stands, quaking, teeth clenched, fists balled up.  he waits
     for the bullets, falls to his knees.

     the gun trembles in somerset's hand as somerset brings the
     barrel to doe's face.  a millisecond's pause.  somerset changes
     the angle of fire.  blam, he blows john doe's arm to pieces in a
     splattering explosion.

     doe screams, falling back, on the altar floor.

     viewed from far back in the church

     the entire church with its candles frames the torture:

     somerset walks to where doe flops horribly, bleeding.  somerset
     aims, shoots doe in the leg.  doe screams, rolling, trying to
     crawl away, knocking over candle racks.  somerset follows.  he
     shoots doe's other leg.  he shoots doe in the other arm.  flames
     begin to rise and spread quickly amongst the pews.  doe
     continues to spasm, wrenching, hand slapping the bloody floor.
     blam, blam, blam.  somerset steps back from doe, overturns a
     rack of candles on top of him.  he steps away.  watching.
     flames begin rising on doe's clothing.

     close on john doe's face

     doe's face, covered in blood, twisted in agony, helpless, flames
     rising.  he continues screaming.

     his glasses crack from the heat.


