     int.  catholic church, priest's quarters -- afternoon

     the priest's accommodations are quite spacious and comfortable.
     the parish's wealth is evident.  father bleeker, 38, stands
     looking at several 8" by 10" glossies.  he's dressed in his
     "civilian" clothing, wears his hair short and proper.  these
     photos are making him heartsick.

     bleeker hands them to somerset who is seated by a fireplace.

                                 bleeker
                   put them away.  i wish you hadn't
                   brought them into the church.

                                 somerset
                   i needed for you to see them.

     father bleeker shakes his head, as if he were trying to forget
     the images.  somerset replaces the murder photos in a file.

                                 bleeker
                   there were five principal phases in the
                   development of early christian art.
                   from hellenistic through the
                   renaissance... each period was affected
                   by the decrees of religious leaders.

                                 somerset
                   if this killer belongs to a certain
                   branch of the church... if he collects
                   religious art from a certain period, i
                   want to know.  i have to narrow it down.

     bleeker walks to an ornate, gold cabinet.  he puts on a pair of
     cotton gloves.

                                 bleeker
                   the influences on these... things he's
                   done, couldn't have come before the
                   gothic period.  what's in those pictures
                   is presented far too asymmetrically.

     bleeker crosses himself before using a key to open the cabinet.
     he takes out an ancient devotional book and a piece of cloth.

                                 bleeker (cont)
                   the colors will tell the tale.

     bleeker takes the book to a table.  somerset follows.  bleeker
     lays the cloth under the book, opens the book, tenderly.

                                 bleeker (cont)
                   each sin had a symbolic color.  but the
                   specific color designations changed
                   throughout the ages.

     somerset leans to examine bleeker's illuminated manuscript:

     two pages of prayer.  the prose is elaborately formed,
     surrounded by colorful illustrations of the seven deadly sins.
     bleeker's finger points to a rendering of a man seated on a
     rock, guzzling from a jug.  it's been painted in orange.

                                 bleeker (o.s.,cont)
                   this is an example.  gluttony is the
                   sin, and the color is orange.  this
                   particular manuscript is preserved from
                   the 18th century.

                                 somerset (o.s.)
                   in the murders, gluttony is green.
                   greed is yellow.  sloth is indigo.

     bleeker steps away and somerset gets closer to the pages.

                                 bleeker
                   so, if this murderer is as precise as
                   you say, then you need to find out at
                   what period in history was gluttony
                   green... and so on.

                                 somerset
                   where do i look?  if the colors changed
                   so often?

                                 bleeker
                           (contemplates)
                   there is one man... father stone.
                           (pause)
                   i haven't heard from him for quite some
                   time.  this was his passion.  he spent
                   his life studying the sins... and
                   preaching against them.


