     int.  luxury apartment/crime scene, master bedroom -- day

     mills is seated in front of a long writing desk with many
     drawers.  all the drawers are open.  mills looks through letters
     and stationary.  nothing of use.  he tosses the pile back.

     he sits back, frustrated, yanks off one rubber glove, looks
     around the room.  books have been taken off their shelves, the
     bed has been stripped.  the room has been given the once over.

     the victim's family photographs hang in expensive frames on one
     wall.  there are at least thirty photos of various sizes:
     ancestors, sons and daughters, grandchildren and friends.  an
     over-weight forensic, chris, 35, leans in through the doorway.

     mills looks up and chris shakes his head glumly.

                                 mills
                   he must have left us another puzzle to
                   solve... somewhere.

                                 chris
                   we'll keep looking, but we're running
                   out of possibilities.

     chris leaves and mills stands to stretch.  something catches
     mills' eye.  he walks over to the door, curious.  at the base of
     the open door, there's a ball of paper wedged under to act as a
     doorjamb.  mills puts his glove back on, pulls the ball out.

     he uncrumples the paper as the door slowly swings shut.  the
     page has a drawing on it, of the sun with waves of heat at its
     edges.  there is a single eye in the center of the sun.

     an arrow is drawn in dried blood on the back of the closing
     door.  mills notices this and pushes the door closed.

     the blood arrow points to the side and up, seems to be pointing
     to the photo gallery wall.  mills goes to examine the photos.

     his eyes search each photo... one by one... till he sees it:

                                 mills
                   christ...

     a framed photo of a falsely pretty, middle-aged woman smiling
     and wearing pearls.  under the glass, on the photo itself,
     circles have been drawn in blood around the woman's eyes.


