     int.  john doe's apartment building, hallway -- early evening

     somerset and mills climb stairs, turn a corner into this hall.

                                 mills
                   it's impossible odds that this is him.

                                 somerset
                   we're focusing.

                                 mills
                   i know, i know.  on one little thing.
                   i'm not complaining.  i'll follow
                   anything we get and i'll take it any way
                   we can get it.

                                 somerset
                   we'll look at him.  ask a few questions.
                   try to get a feeling whether we should
                   keep tabs on him.

     they reach a door, apartment 3a.  somerset knocks.  mills takes
     out his gun and looks at somerset to ask "what do you think?"
     somerset nods that he should have the gun ready.  mills steps to
     the side of the door, knocks hard.  waits.

                                 mills
                           (quietly)
                   i'll do the talking, right?  let me
                   practice here... um, excuse me mr. doe,
                   but, are you by any chance a serial
                   killer?  oh... oh, you are?  well, come
                   with us then, if you don't mind.

     mills smiles at his own wit.  a stair is heard creaking
     offscreen.  mills turns to look towards the stairs.

     a male figure stands at the top of the stairs, wearing a hat,
     standing in shadows.  the man looks at them, lets out a scream
     of horror and reaches into his coat.

                                 mills (cont)
                   somerset!

     gunfire sounds and a bullet slams into door 3a behind mills.  he
     and somerset recoil in shock, going to the floor as another
     bullet explodes, blasting plaster off the wall.  the man is
     heard running back down the stairs.

                                 mills (cont)
                   it's him!  jesus christ, we can get this
                   fucker!

     mills jumps up.  he moves towards the railing.  somerset sits up
     and takes out his own gun.  the stairwell is silent.

     mills peers over the railing into the stairwell's center, gun
     pointed.  a heavy metallic click is heard.  echoes.  mills leaps
     backwards as bullets begin raining up from below, accompanied by
     the sound of an uzi sub-machine gun firing.

     somerset lays flat as he and mills crawl away from the railing,
     which is being shredded along with the floor around it.  bullets
     soar unceasingly.  mills and somerset hold their hands over
     their ears.  pieces of wood and plaster fly everywhere.  the uzi
     stops and the man can be heard running again.

     mills gets up, covered in debris.  he runs down into the smoky
     stairwell.  somerset rolls over, gets up more slowly.

