     int.  john doe's apartment, roomone -- night

     boom -- door flies open.  mills enters with somerset.  darkness.

                                 mills
                           (to forensics)
                   give us first crack at it.

     sarah and billy wait in the hall.  somerset hits a switch on the
     wall and a lamp illuminates on a desk.  the desk is in the
     center of the room, facing them.  the walls, floor to ceiling,
     are covered with visual stimuli; pictures, paintings, newspaper
     articles, sketches, writings on napkins and notebook sheets,
     etc.  mostly religious images.

     the far wall is made of shelves full of books.  mills goes to
     the desk while somerset goes to the books.  books: an overview
     of theology, handbook of firearms, a history of the world, summa
     theologica, u.s. criminal law review, etc.

     mills looks at the desktop.  the surface is marked by dried oil
     colors.  there are tubes of paint laying out, boxes of water
     colors and pastels.  mills looks at one corner of the desk.  an
     orange candle has been allowed to burn down.  the wax trail goes
     all the way down the edge of the desk to a puddle on the floor.

     somerset walks, studying one wall of pin-ups.  there are
     articles about the seven deadly sins, pages from art books,
     pencil drawings of satan and christ, and drawings of the seven
     paneled tableau paintings which inspired the murders.  somerset
     lifts several sheets to note the paper scraps are spaced so
     tightly and completely that they cover the window.

     at the desk, mills opens the top middle drawer.  it's empty
     except for the holy bible.  he opens another drawer, which is
     filled with at least forty empty aspirin bottles.

     somerset looks at a door which is papered over by all the
     newspaper articles and photographs about the seven deadly sin
     murders.  he opens the door --

