     ext. forest - ravine - day
 7                                                                27
      alf a mile ahead..

     a steep ravine, with a sheer drop of twenty-five feet deep. at
     the bottom, a brook with dangerous rocks, then another sheer
     climb of twenty-five feet the other side.

     the deer arrives, looks, then scampers down the ravine, pursued
     by the hounds.

      he remaining riders arrive. they see the deer scramble up the
     other side, followed by the dogs, slipping in the mud, and
     struggling with the brook.

      everal dogs fall. yelping in fright and pain as they lose
     footing and fall on the rocks. the king pulls up his horse..

     henry raises his hat, and salutes the deer.

                          enry
             he king of england defeated by a humble
            fawn.

     the courtiers laugh, then they turn their horses around and head
     off. anne stares. it's a clear opportunity to impress. she looks
     down at the rocks. a long stare, then..

                         anne
                   (suddenly kicking horse)
            hah!

     the courtiers gasp in disbelief as anne lurches forward, and
     leaps into space, heading fearlessly down the sheer ravine.

      orse and rider almost tumble down the vertiginous, lethal drop.
     but, reaching the bottom, the horse leaps across the brook, then
     scrambles up the other side.



                                                       (continued)

     a



                           h




2




     t


     h



     t




     a




                                                               19.


     she made it! exhilarated, anne turns, breathing hard. the king
     stares at her. the courtiers stare at her.

         long silence. nothing but the sound of wind in the trees..

                           courtier
              please, your majesty. it's not safe.

     henry turns and stares daggers at the courtier, `silence'. he
     stares across the ravine at anne. their eyes meet.

      hen he kicks his horse, `hah!', and lurches forward. he heads
     down the sheer ravine. the courtiers gasp, rush to the edge of
     the ravine to watch. anne goes to the edge her side.

      enry's horse slides perilously down the ravine, then struggles
     to clear the brook, and lands heavily in the water.

       he king struggles to keep control, and as the horse tries to
     scramble up the bank the other side, it loses it's footing in
     t
     the mud, it's hooves grasping horrifically at air..

      he courtiers cry out in horror, anne covers her mouth as..

     the king's horse falls backwards, unseating henry, sending him
     flying, and worst of all, landing on top of him as they fall and
     tumble dreadfully down into the brook, and onto the rocks..

     pandemonium breaks out. the sound of shouting voices, cries of
     horror, raising the alarm.

     anne's face: what has she done?


