int. mary's hallway - night

healy starts to knock on mary's door, but, before he can, the door
suddenly swings open revealing a beaming mary.

                        healy
                 (startled)
           oh mary. look, there's something i have
           to tell you. i'm not

before he can finish, mary steps forward and their mouths meet in
a passionate kiss. 

                                                  dissolve to:

montage of mary and healy courting

--as mary watches, healy plays touch football with warren and a
few of his friends. healy catches a pass then, trying a little too
hard to impress mary, he delivers a forearm shiver to his defender
and gives warren a vicious straight-arm. when healy gets into the
end zone he spikes the ball and starts talking trash to another
defender.

--healy shows up at mary's door sporting a set of oversized
incredibly-white capped teeth. he gives her a big horse smile and
she reacts uncertainly.

--healy is in mary's apartment as mary finishes dressing for a
night on the town.

                        mary
           all set.

                        healy
           you look great.
                 (beat)
           hey, mare, do i have a rip in the back of
           these pants?

when she puts her head close to inspect his pants, he lets fly a
thunderous fart. she pulls her head away, repulsed, but healy just
laughs.

--mary and and the horse-toothed healy are having dinner in a
romantic restaurant. as he eats he tells an animated story but
he's having trouble with the new choppers and chunks of food are
spraying out of his mouth with every word. mary has to bob and
weave to avoid being covered with debris.

--healy and warren are playing monopoly. when warren isn't
looking, healy cheats and puts a couple hotels on boardwalk. in
the b.g. we see one of warren's buddies fall out of a palm tree.

                                                    dissolve to:

