125   int. vampire bar                                               125

      the barman looks up at the sound of the door slamming.
      he does a double-take and watches in awe as... akasha
      steps in. everyone in the bar turns. she smiles at
      all the undead staring at her.

                           akasha
                hello...

      her eyes sweep the room, taking in every inch, searching,
      then she hears a vampire lestat video playing. she
      whirls around quickly to the tv -- gazes at the video
      intensely. her eyes narrow, focus on lestat, speaks as
      if to herself.

                              akasha
                hmmm... his scent is fading.     he
                was here too long ago...

      the vampire lover slides up next to her.

                        vampire lover
                you like him, love?

                        akasha
                       (still staring at tv)
                he reminds me of someone i know.

                        vampire lover
                all he's gonna remind you of soon
                is a pile of bones. we're gonna
                dismember him. bleed him dry.

                        akasha
                really? is that what you're
                going to do?

                                           (continued)

                                                             75.

125   continued:                                                   125

      she turns to vampire lover, takes him in.

      as if with a new idea, smiles at him, moves to the
      dance floor, moving to lestat's music, her eyes closed,
      swaying sensually, her hips gyrating. the dance is
      seductive, slow, her head thrown back. the vampires
      turn, stare at her, mesmerized, aroused by her
      movements. they move to the dance floor, watching.
      akasha opens her eyes, smiles at them, then turns to
      vampire lover, points to him, beckons. he smiles back,
      happy to be chosen, moves onto the dance floor. she
      dances a little farther away. a game. he laughs.
      moves closer.


      close on vampire lover

      he hears a laugh.


      back to akasha

      but she's disappeared. he turns. akasha's behind him
      now. he stares at her. her hips are gyrating, her
      body slithering. a moan escapes from him. again, he
      moves to her, reaches for her. she laughs.


      close on his puzzled face

      he turns...

      she's dancing across the floor now. vampire lover's
      smile is not so friendly now. he steps toward her,
      determined... she moves behind him. her body pressed up
      tight against his. he smiles, shudders with a rush of
      desire. all the other vampires watch, envious. her
      lips brush his neck, her hands run up and down his
      body pausing on his chest. he reaches for her. she
      kisses him just as he kissed the mortal girl. on vampire
      lover's face, pure pleasure...

                           akasha
                   then again, you could always do
                   this...

      akasha sinks her fangs into his neck and at the same
      time, plunges her hand down. we can't see where... we
      stay on vampire lover's face as akasha disappears from
      frame. the sound of bone snapping, the squish of ripping flesh.
       loud sucking. a look of horror appears on
      vampire lover's face. akasha reappears. in her hand,
      she now holds...

                                             (continued)

                                                              76.

125   continued:    (2)                                             125

      ... his dripping heart.    she brings it to her lips, sucks
      again thirstily...

      vampire lover gurgles as she sucks the heart to a dry
      husk, then tosses it. she turns back to vampire lover,
      his face frozen in a grotesque mask. she laughs, drops
      him unceremoniously to the floor...

      akasha turns to face the rest of the horrified vampires.
      they begin to back away. but the door locks itself
      loudly.

      akasha sways again to the music, moving faster now, as if
      refreshed.

                           akasha
                   turn up the music!

      the terrified barman quickly complies.

                           akasha
                      (smiles, to herself)
                   oh, i do love the 21st century.

      akasha turns to the terrified barman again, pulls him
      over the bar and attacks him as if she were just reaching
      for a snack. he flails but is overwhelmed by her
      strength...

      the vampire girl who jesse saw vanish with the yuppie,
      flies towards akasha, knife raised, but akasha just
      turns... suddenly there is an explosion of flames. the
      vampire girl screams as she is consumed. the piano
      player and guitar player go up in flames...

      all hell breaks loose as the other vampires run for the
      door. the lock won't budge and it's too late anyway as
      the flames overwhelm them...

      and through the flames, we see akasha smiling, now
      sucking on the punk vampire's aorta like it's a straw.
      she tosses his body, her long tongue slowly licks her
      bloody, thirsty lips. she strides out through the flames.
      in a whispery, sing-song voice.

                                 akasha

                   lesta-at... come out, come out
                   wherever you are.

                                                               77.

