86   int. sanctuary - continuous action                            86

     lestat enters, squinting through the bright light from
     scores of burning sconces. at the far end of the
     sanctuary lestat makes out the shape of two statues,
     an egyptian man and an egyptian woman sitting stone
     still, seemingly staring straight at him, akasha and
     her king, enkil. we recognize akasha from the sketches
     in talbot's office. stepping closer, they appear not to
     be statues at all but rather alabaster humans with the
     palest skin imaginable. his eyes widen at the sight of
     their clothes -- the most valuable egyptian finery;
     bracelets of gold, headdresses of incredible gems,
     clothes of silk. staring up into their faces, lestat
     is struck with the realization...

                       lestat
               they're... alive.

     lestat is drawn to the woman -- her form and beauty is
     exquisite even in its absolute stillness. as if this
     statue had just asked him to play, lestat holds out his
     violin.

                       lestat
               would you like me to play for you?

                                          (continued)

                                                            61.

86   continued:                                                   86

     her eyes still bore into him. lestat smiles.   he raises
     his violin and begins to play.

     the song of the violin echoes around the walls...

     lestat plays, with increasing abandon...

     akasha and enkil sit frozen...

     lestat plays and plays, lost in the music.   he throws a
     glance up at the throne and stops...

     akasha is moving...

     slowly, her eyelids pull back to reveal pale green eyes.

     lestat stares in amazement... her arm rises up, her wrist
      extended outward towards lestat. the pulse of a
     heartbeat begins... lestat moves toward her as if
     beckoned. a green vein appears beneath the marble
     surface of her skin. the vein pulses as the blood
     courses around. the heartbeat pounds louder, deeper.

     the sound fills lestat's head as he is drawn closer to
     akasha's wrist. lowering himself, as if genuflecting,
     lestat bends closer to the vein which looks like the very
     font of life to him...


