97    ext. hollywood sign (los angeles) - night                      97

      superimpose:    los angeles

      pan down to lestat standing on the edge of a very high
      fence high above the sparkling lights of downtown,
      gazing into the dark night. the fence encircles his
      hollywood hills home, a high-tech modern version of a
      medieval fortress of steel and glass, hidden deep in
      the canyon, his only neighbors, chaparral and coyotes.

      lestat closes his eyes as if listening to something. as
      we pull back again, and rise up into the sky, a lestat
      song begins to play and magically we are in the music
      and with a visual splash we are... moving swiftly across
      the globe with the music -- as we cut across the world
      into the west and into... the night fallen over asia
      where we soon find ourselves in...


98    asian factory                                                  98

      where lestat's music plays for the evening       shift over a
      sweatshop boom box.


99    indian marketplace                                             99

      where lestat's music plays from speakers in a shop
      window. we travel westward to...


100   ancient graveyard                                              100

      where the... ground splits open before our very eyes.
      from out of the dirt, a beautiful teenage boy stands
      naked...


101   vampire armand                                                 101

      he pulls the pieces of a worm-eaten coffin from his
      person, as the music travels further to...


102   massive ancient stones                                         102

      parting as another resurrected figure rises from the
      darkness and reveals itself to be...

                                                            67.

103   vampire pandora                                              103

      with one self-assured twist of her head, she shakes the
      red dust from her hair to reveal long curling black
      tresses falling down over her dark-skinned shoulders.
      the music travels further to...


104   portable radio                                               104

      held by a camel driver camping out in the sahara desert.
      his camel brays fearfully... the camel driver stares
      before him, drop-jawed and terrified, and we now see what
      he sees...


105   camel driver's pov                                           105

      a corner stone of a desert sarcophagus begins to move, as
      a figure in tattered rags emerges from the sarcophagus and
      unbandages his face and neck, shakes the sand from his
      hair and eyes to reveal a skeletal form with white
      leathery skin bulging with strange blue veins...


106   back to scene                                                106

      the vampire khayman offers the driver a polite smile.
      the driver faints back into the sand as the camels bolt
      off. and still lestat's music plays as we finally end up
      at...


107   sanctuary of akasha and enkil                                107

      an over the shoulder shot of enkil sitting motionless in
      his throne, not resurrecting at all. akasha and her
      throne remain o.s. we move closer to reveal... enkil's
      throat gapes, torn open, and whereas before his skin
      was pale, it's now a chalkish powder. and next to him...
      akasha's throne sits empty. a god again walks the earth.
      a gust of wind suddenly blows and enkil crumbles into
      white dust.


