161   int. backstage - night                                       161

      lestat readies himself as he scans the valley from behind
      a speaker, and sees...


162   lestat's pov - vampires                                      162

      wait here and there in the audience, set to attack.


163   back to lestat                                               163

      who smiles to himself.


164   back in crowd                                                164

      boom, the torches relight and an enormous chord surges
      through the crowd louder than a jet on takeoff. the mass
      surges forward... the stage lights up in a huge halo of
      blood-red light. the band plays a hypnotic tune that
      would put the devil in a spell, as... we wait for lestat.
      the band keeps playing the pounding cadence, as...

      the audience doesn't see lestat anywhere and cheers over
      the sound, and it seems as if the whole of death valley
      is shaking, when... lestat appears above the stage,
      inhumanly levitating and...

                           lestat
                   i'm so glad i decided to rise...
                      (shouting)
                   after tonight, death valley will
                   live up to its name!

                                             (continued)

                                                            101.

164   continued:                                                   164

      the place erupts into one solid scream as the band kicks
      it in.

      he swoops down through the air over the stage and into
      their very midst. jesse, in the crowd, screams up to
      him... but her voice is lost in the thousands of screams
      for him. lestat takes the microphone and leans his lips
      into it, letting his voice soar into an inhuman note,
      filling the valley like a demon demanding heaven be
      replaced with hell.


165   at back of concert - mixing board                            165

      two studio engineers sit dazed.

                           engineer #1
                      (cockney accent)
                   could we turn it down a tad?

      the second engineer looks to the mixing panel.

                           engineer #2
                   his mic's not even up.

      they stare, dumbfounded.


166   back to concert                                              166

      the pulsing strain moves into a faster beat as the whole
      place resonates with the most incredible harmonics, the
      energy throbbing, the crowd almost genuflecting in front
      of this papal devil. all move and sway except for...
      jesse, desperately squeezing through bodies trying to get
      closer and closer to...

      lestat, who commands the place with his echoing voice.
      lestat holds the place in the palm of his hand. lestat's
      dark soul seems ready to burst as he moves his voice into
      an even higher unworldly octave, and then...


167   lestat's pov                                                 167

      the vampires move through the crowd. goth girls in the
      front row, weeping... maudy, james and alex off in the
      clouds, playing the best music of their lives. the
      place has gone wild, living off its own energy now as
      waves of sound bounce through the valley band up into
      the night sky.

                                                                102.

168   back to scene                                                    168

                        lestat
                you want more?!

      the crowd screams...

                         crowd
                yes!

                        lestat
                this one's for those who've come
                for me!

      all yell that they have, but the covens know it's for
      them. lestat launches the band into a new number that
      makes the previous song seem like a lullaby. he eyes the
      coven-assassins here and there and sings straight to
      them. his lyrics challenging the assassins, flaunting
      them with satire. jesse whirls around, spying the
      assassins in the crowd. she shakes her head no...
      the covens need no more encouragement as they begin to
      move through the crowd toward the stage. we rise up over
      the crowd to see fifty assassins snaking at preternatural
      speed, unseen to all except us in our inhuman vantage.

                                             cut to:


169   ancients - night                                                 169

      marius spies the covens slipping through the crowd at a
      strange velocity. he looks to lestat, worried...


170   back to stage                                                    170

      the assassins approach closer   -- lestat assaults with
      relentless lyrics... reaching   the stage, they are
      suddenly on it -- roadies run   in and are immediately
      cast aside by inhuman powers.    we speed into vampire
      time as... (note: in camera,    no c.g.i.)

      the assassins draw knives and lunge, determined to
      dismember lestat. lestat does an acrobatic leap, dodging
      the knives. he rips the microphone from the stand and
      holds it up just in time... as an assassin is impaled.
      the assassin squirms and convulses. the crowd goes
      insane... lestat snarls at the audience as if this
      really were part of the performance... the assassins
      attack again, this time hurtling massive light stands
      like they were small spears. lestat dodges them.
      the assassins break glass bottles, lunge with the deadly shards.
       (note: band should not be seen in this part of sequence.)

                                                                  103.

171   marius                                                             171

      can hold himself back no longer. he flies over equipment
      and roadies, up into the air. the ancients gaze after
      him and...


172   on stage                                                           172

      he lands square in the middle of the fray. back to
      mortal time. the crowd cheers at the sudden appearance
      of the figure on stage, loving the show. lestat grins at
      marius. the band keeps playing. marius hurls a huge
      light at the assassins. it explodes as it hits them,
      pinning one with shards. but an assassin hurls a sickle
      at lestat. lestat is struck down, his singing stopped.
      the assassins move in.

                                                cut to:


173   ancient vampires                                                   173

      watch from their rocks.       pandora's face, filled with
      excitement.

                         pandora
                 there are too many of them!
                 they're going to dismember him.

      armand is enjoying the show.

                           armand
                 good!


174   back to stage                                                      174

      assassins corner lestat and marius -- blades, broken
      bottles reflecting the spotlight. lestat raises his arms
      for the crowd. the crowd jeers. lestat looks to maudy
      and the band.

                         lestat
                 get out of here!

      the band scampers off stage as the assassins fly past,
      the reverb from their guitars whistle into a deafening
      pitch.

      jesse joins the screaming crowds.

                           jesse
                 lestat!    lestat!

                                                (continued)

                                                            104.

174   continued:                                                   174

      as the killer vampires make their final move, it looks
      bleak for lestat... but one after the other they
      spontaneously combust, turning hot-white to black ash
      and drift up into the air like strange supernatural
      kites. the crowd hollers and screams, not quite
      believing what they saw or how it was done, when...
      down in the throng, vampires also begin to combust -- hot
      flashes of white exploding through the crowd, turning
      into black paper dolls -- wafting up over the valley --
      crumbling into fluttering puffs of soot. panic takes
      over the mass of people, running in all directions.
      jesse remains pinned to her spot.


175   lestat                                                       175

      stands in wonder as marius stares up into the high
      darkness.

                           marius
                      (soft, to himself)
                   akasha.

      the valley fills with hundreds of burning "kites"
      floating like black ghosts. khayman, pandora and
      armand gaze up at the sky.

                           maharet
                   she is here...


176   jesse                                                        176

      stares in wonder and terror at the burning "kites." then
      seizes her chance. she pushes toward the stage against
      the tide of bodies fleeing.


