134   ext. griffith park - night                                     134

      lestat and jesse quietly move among the trees. lestat
      stops on a dime -- senses tuned. he looks into the dark.
      jesse is about to speak when lestat raises his finger to
      her lips and then points at... a couple of lovers moving
      across the meadow. they sit on a park bench. the woman
      giggles drunkenly. jesse watches and gasps as she
      realizes the male lover is a vampire. lestat moves
      forward. jesse gingerly follows.

      taking his lover in his arms the vampire begins to bite
      her neck... lestat looks over at jesse who watches,
      fascinated and disturbed. the vampire senses another's
      presence -- stops and turns to reveal his vampire eyes
      shining in the dark. lestat steps into the halo of a
      street lamp and hisses. sensing lestat's power, the
      vampire hisses and instantly -- the vampire is gone.
      jesse turns to lestat but he has disappeared, too.
      spinning around again she sees... lestat hovering over
      the mortal woman who is still in a swoon. checking to
      see that the vampire is gone, jesse moves closer to the
      bench.
                                           (continued)

                                                              90.

134   continued:                                                    134

                           jesse
                   is she alright?

      lestat looks up to face her, revealing his blood-stained
      lips. jesse reflexively looks away.

                           lestat
                   come closer, jesse. you want to
                   see? you want to know?

                           jesse
                   lestat, no!

      lestat's expression turns cold as ice -- he arches his
      back like a great cat and goes in for the kill. the
      woman's body convulses... jesse watches in horror as...
      the woman's hands clutch at lestat, her back stiffens...
      finally her legs relax in an obscene parody of orgasm.
      jesse gasps, backs away. lestat finishes and, wiping his
      mouth, approaches jesse.

                           lestat
                   you see now? are you ready?     now
                   do you want it?!

      he gazes into her eyes, finding himself desperately
      wanting her to say yes. the horror, the revulsion in
      jesse's face says it all.

                            lestat
                   no.   of course you don't.

      she backs away from him, now terrified. something's
      changed in his eyes. they are cold, blank.

                           lestat
                   well i didn't grant your final
                   wish.
                      (shakes his head)
                   it was an impossible wish to begin
                   with. you see, i am unknowable.

      his eyes still as death, he starts moving away.

                             jesse
                   lestat!    wait!

      lestat turns toward her suddenly, grabs her forcefully,
      pulls her into his arms, gazes into her eyes.

                           lestat
                   good-bye, talamascan.

                                                (continued)

                                                              91.

134   continued:    (2)                                             134

      jesse closes her eyes in terror, knowing her life is
      about to be over.

      then jesse reaches for her mouth as if she were touched
      by something when... the image of lestat's lips kissing
      her lips flashes by in vampire time as... jesse's face is
      completely still in human time. as her hand drops, she
      realizes what just happened. and with that, lestat
      disappears. she stares into the night. there's a swish
      and the sound of rushing air. jesse turns, screams,
      backs away. it's not lestat standing there at all but
      mael, the druid vampire. with great speed he glides
      towards her, envelops jesse in his cloak, muffling her
      cries... whoosh.

                                              cut to:


135   omitted                                                       135
&                                                                   &
136                                                                 136


137   staring eye                                                   137

      pull back to reveal a porcelain doll, beautiful, perfect
      but unsettling. we track across rows and rows of dolls
      from different eras. track past the billowing floor-to-
      ceiling curtains to reveal jesse -- still an adult, but
      lying awake in bed just as she had as a little girl.
      jesse gets out of bed, trapped in her own childhood
      memory. is she dreaming now?


