25    int. lestat's chateau (london)                              25

      all alone in his magnificent chateau. he sits in front
      of a video camera and monitor set up for the two-way remote
      feed. lestat puts the remote down.

      laughs out loud with the pure pleasure of it all. he stands,
      crosses to huge doors. opens them. goes out to...




25a   ext. lestat's chateau grounds - continuous action           25a

      lestat walks across his lavish grounds, gazes up into the
      night.

      staring up at the dark heavens, lestat inhales like an
      emperor taking in his kingdom, stretches his arms out, still
      drinking in the adulation.

      slowly, his grin fades...

      a melancholy look comes over lestat.

                           lestat
                      (quietly, to world)
                   come out, come out, whoever you
                   are.

      as he lowers his arms, the camera pulls up and out from
      lestat, whirling into the dark night...

                                             cut to:

                                                              13.

26   close on set of headphones                                     26

     as it plays lestat's song.

     pull out on...

     a beautiful young woman, jesse, 22, lays in black satin
     sheets. her long red hair snakes over her slender neck as
     she sleeps to lestat's voice, still as death. flickering
     candles all over the room reveal her lithe, strong body,
     pale as the moon. she is surrounded by her work, ancient
     language books, her laptop computer. another book is
     clenched in her hand. the unconscious vampire. we move
     in on her fluttering eyes.

                                          cut to:


27   dream sequence - eyes                                          27

     opening. blank. still. unsettling. pull back to
     reveal these eyes belong to a 19th-century porcelain
     doll. we track across rows and rows of dolls from
     different eras, all exquisitely detailed. track past the
     billowing floor-to-ceiling curtains to reveal a six-year-
     old girl lying awake in a large bed, jesse, green eyes and
     long red curls. laughter wafts in with the breeze.


