185   int. akasha's plantation villa - night                         185

      lestat steps in through billowing curtains, stops...
      there are three west indian girls, young, voluptuous,
      beautiful, dressed in simple working clothes and
      traditional head-wraps. they stare at lestat, nervous,
      yet fascinated. they move towards him. lestat finds
      himself surrounded by hands, touching him, reaching
      beneath his shirt, pulling his clothes from his body. he
      swoons, closes his eyes, smiles.

                        lestat
                so warm...
                   (sniffs their skin)
                ... their blood...

                        akasha
                ... yes...

                        lestat
                ... they're mortal...

                                           (continued)

                                                              111.

185   continued:                                                     185

                           akasha
                   ... of course. they serve the
                   living goddess, and her consort.
                   they find you beautiful. you are
                   a god in their eyes.

                                             dissolve to:


186   series of shots                                                186

      ... golden dark hands pull clothes away from lestat's
      white skin... breasts strain through white linen as they
      press themselves closer to him... the surface of water,
      scented with red rose petals. lestat's white skin breaks
      the surface. lestat is lowered into the bath, his skin
      alive with the dancing candles reflected in the water...
      the water laps gently -- strange sighs of pleasure as
      girls' hands caress lestat's torso... their hands reach
      down lower and lower through the water... lestat's eyes
      remain closed but his mouth opens... now it's akasha
      kissing him. lestat responds, but his eyes sneak a peek.
      akasha smiles -- takes his head in her hands -- she
      kisses him, pushes him back -- he tries to resist -- he
      can't, startled by her strength... akasha kisses his
      neck, his chest, bites... lestat arches in ecstasy...
      akasha rises up from his breast, blood on her lips,
      smiles, goes back down and drinks.

                                             dissolve to:


187   akasha and lestat - later                                      187

      now moved to the bed, surrounded by the fine nets...
      kissing, probing each other's bodies, floating above the
      bed... akasha rolls him over -- smiles down at him -- a
      fang exposed... she draws her wrist across her mouth... a
      globule of blood smacks lestat's open lips... flash --
      a thousand images in a second. lestat jolted as if by a
      million volts. blood smears their bodies -- they bathe
      in it.


188   close on lestat                                                188

      the most lascivious smile spreading over his face, even
      as the waves of pleasure still course through him,
      causing his mouth to twitch and tremble. he closes his
      eyes...

