177   int. backstage - meanwhile                                   177

      roger is trying to manage the building chaos backstage as
      the fire marshal and several firemen follow after him.

                           fire marshal
                   you don't have a permit for any of
                   these stunts!

                           roger
                   i told you i don't know anything
                   about it!

      a walkie-talkie distracts the fire marshal long enough to
      allow roger to run.

                                             (continued)

                                                               105.

177   continued:                                                      177

                           roger
                   last time i work for a bloody
                   vampire...

      looking up at the sky, he stares in awe... there is a low
      powerful rumble...

      the mortal crowd looks around, distracted from their
      panic, as they sense something truly awesome...


178   lestat                                                          178

      senses it too. he looks up, not knowing from which
      direction the attack will come. the stage starts to
      shudder and shake violently...

      jesse, now almost to the stage, screams to him.

                             jesse
                   lestat!    lestat!

      suddenly the wooden platform beneath lestat begins to
      buckle under his feet. fragments of wood explode upwards
      around lestat. marius loses his balance and staggers
      backwards...

      fragments of sharp wood fly into the audience. jesse
      raises her hands to protect herself. she looks up.
      freezes. akasha rises up through the stage. beautiful
      and terrifying. she grabs lestat and the two of them
      shoot up into the air. the crowd stares in awe. jesse
      is frozen.

      roger, the fire marshal, the band, everyone is frozen.
      talbot stares up at akasha, his face white, unable to
      believe his eyes. even the ancient ones are stunned to
      see their queen come to life.

      scaffolds collapse in an explosion of electrical
      sparks... (note: practical explosion.) the ancient
      ones stare up into the sky as... akasha and lestat
      vanish. jesse stares in horror after them.


