8    ext. french quarter - night                                 8

     the figure moves through the shadows avoiding the spill
     of yellow light from the street lamps. stopping in a
     darkened alleyway, he gasps for air, exhausted by his movements.
      he listens again to the mesmeric tune of the
     band in the distance, when -- from down the alley, a
     voice...

                          voice #2 (o.s.)
                     (in french; subtitled)
                  need a fix?


9    close on figure's eyes                                      9

     staring hungrily at...


10   back to scene                                               10

     a man proffering a little parcel wrapped in foil.

                                              (continued)

                                                              4.

10   continued:                                                    10

     pulling deeper into the shadows, the caped figure beckons
     the dealer over. the man approaches when -- with a wild
     animal cry, the figure lunges like a phantom -- a flash of teeth
     -- the dealer is on the ground -- the figure set
     upon him. over this scene the band's song rushes in loud again,
     reaching an incredible crescendo as the violent
     frenzy continues -- the monster gnawing at the dealer's
     neck.


11   close on figure's hand                                        11

     its vein refilling with the flow of warm blood -- skin
     regaining a youthful tautness.


12   wider                                                         12

     rising from his victim we see for the first time the
     revitalized face of this creature, a mane of blond hair
     frames the beautiful features of the vampire lestat --
     his bulbous lips glistening red.

                           lestat (v.o.)
                  whether it was that first meal,
                  the music, or the 100 years of
                  rest, i'm not sure, but suddenly i
                  was feeling better than ever. my
                  appetite for living was voracious.
                  my hearing so exact i could locate
                  precisely the source of the
                  music...


