152   ext. concert entrance - night                                152

      looking at the scene, jesse is bedazzled. pushing
      through people, she disappears into the throng as...

                                             (continued)

                                                               98.

152   continued:                                                     152

                            david (o.s.)
                   jesse!


153   angle on david talbot                                          153

      as he pushes through the sea of white paint and plastic
      vampire teeth. but she has disappeared. talbot is
      jostled, dropping his glasses on the ground.

                           voice (o.s.)
                   sorry, grandpa!

      talbot crouches down and finds his glasses.     reemerging,
      he senses something and looks up.


154   full shot - marius                                             154

      watching him at a distance. next to the real thing, all
      these fake vampires look ridiculous.

                           marius
                      (quietly)
                   hello, david.


155   on talbot                                                      155

      speechless.

                           marius
                   i must show you my new paintings
                   sometime.

      marius smiles. talbot is awestruck -- the goal of a
      lifetime's searching. he tries to say something, but
      it's too late. flash. marius is moving through the
      crowd at unnatural speed. enormous pipes spout flames
      high into the sky, run like a corridor of red light
      along the crowd, leading to two enormous egyptian
      effigies of akasha and enkil flanking a stage at the
      top end. and before the stage stretches a mass of
      human bacchanalian debauchery... woodstock on mescaline.
      naked bodies, pierced and tattooed, mingle with the
      strangest of fashions as crowds gather in circles
      around their own lit fires, drumming out awesome rhythms.

      the whole place is an enormous flaming mosh pit   -- naked
      bodies walk across heads of people while others   get
      tossed and thrown. this crowd is determined to    get
      what they were promised... nothing like they've   ever
      seen.

                                             (continued)

                                                            99.

155   continued:                                                  155

      a new world, a world of the initiated who have somehow
      managed to include themselves in the select number of
      attendees to a sacred rite. and among the mortals are
      the immortals. amidst them we see the tattooed vampires,
      the armani vampire, the others, now dressed in cloaks
      which they use to hide their knives and sickles.


156   high above valley                                           156

      standing on the strange rocks are the ancient vampires,
      except for maharet. some of whom can't help but smile
      at the scene below. marius is now with them.

                           pandora
                      (wistful, to mael)
                   it's just like nero's day.

      they scan the horizon, the darkening sky.

                                      maharet
                   akasha will not be able to resist
                   this...

      the crowd begins to clap -- drums from different circles
      begin to impatiently beat into one deafening rhythm.


