6	int. julie's apartment doorway - day

	julie opens the door and steps inside. she locks three deadbolts. she
	stands there, alone, listening to the silence. she doesn't even have a
	cat. a faucet drips in the kitchen.

6a	int. julie's kitchen - day

	the faucet drips. julie turns the handle. no success. she checks the
	lock on each window. she stands for a moment.

	she picks up a bag of chips and eats a handful. she opens the fridge
	and takes out a can of nacho cheese sauce. she grabs a soft drink and
	a jar of bread-and-butter pickles. she gets some cookies from a shelf.
	she thinks. opens the freezer, pulls out some fat-free sorbet.

	she takes the whole mess toward her bedroom.

6b	int. julie's bedroom - day

	she hits the light switch. a bedside light goes on. it's a sparsely
	furnished room. the bed is pilled high with pillows. she checks the
	windows, then climbs into bed with the food.

	on the bedside table are pictures of family and friends. she looks at
	one of helen and barry. she looks around the room. it's depressing.

	outside we hear young people having fun, slamming car doors, going
	places. she picks at the food, then puts it on the table. she turns
	off the bedside light and enjoys the golden late afternoon glow in the
	room.

									dissove to:

6c	int. julie's bedroom - night

	julie, sound asleep, is curled into fetal position on the bed.

	there's a click in the front hall. and another.

	julie's eyes shoot open. she listens. another sound, almost like the
	front door being closed.

	her arm reaches for the bedside light. she hits the switch. the bulb
	pops.

					julie
				(whispers)
			okay. okay. face your fears...

	she gets off the bed and stands still.

					julie (cont'd)
				(whisper)
			there's nothing...

	there's another noise down the hall.

					julie (cont'd)
				(whisper)
			quiet.

	julie silently scoots out of her bedroom toward the kitchen.

6d	int. julie's kitchen - night

	she gets a large knife. she listens. it sounds like somone's in the
	living room. she steps through the kitchen door.

	as she moves we see a shadow pass the other way down the hallway
	toward her bedroom.

6e	int. julie's living room - night

	there's no one there.

					julie (cont'd)
			okay, calm down, imagination.

	she relaxes until she sees that her front door is slightly ajar, light
	from the hallway slanting through.

					julie (cont'd)
			i can't take this anymore. i can't.

	holding the knife in front of her, she tiptoes to the hallway. there's
	a soft rustling coning from her bedroom. she gets a flashlight out of
	a drawer and starts down the hallway.

					julie (cont'd)
				(fatalistic)
			let's just do it.

	she moves faster toward her bedroom. she listens outside the doorway.
	it sounds like someone's in the closet. she moves into the room.

6f	int. julie's bedroom - night

	there's a noise in the darkened closet. julie moves into position.

	she turns the flashlight on and lunges for the closet.

	int the closet

	karla wilson, 19, all grace and attitude, is on tiptoes reaching for a
	box of shoes. she screams.

	julie screams. they both scream together. julie drops the knife and
	flashlight.

					karla
			i thought you were out of town!

					julie
			what are you doing in my closet?

	they hug, jumping up and down with relief.

					karla
			i thought you were out of town!

					julie
			what are you doing in my closet?

					karla
			i just wanted your black pants, but
			i'm not ready to die for them!

	julie turns on the light in the hallway. karla has her shoes in her
	hand and black pants draped over her arm.

					julie
			that was heart attack time, karla.

					karla
			no. when i put these skinny pants on
			my body...now, that's heart attack
			time.

	karla looks down and sees the knife. she picks it up with two
	fingers --

					karla (cont'd)
			and we're going to put away the
			utensils and you're coming with me.

	julie flops down on her bed.

					julie
			i'm not going anywhere. i'm fat,
			ugly, and depressed.

					karla
			yeah, right -- whatever.

					julie
			i think i just really hurt ray's
			feelings.

					karla
				(keeping it upbeat)
			listen to me, julie. ray's a great
			guy, nothing against old ray, but
			he's so...ray. i mean, he lives in
			southport. will's a nice guy, too,
			and he lives right down the street.

	karla picks up the flashlight and goes into the closet.

					julie
			there's nothing between will and me.

					karla (v.o.)
			yet. nothing yet.

	she emerges with clothes for julie. holds up one outfit.

					karla (cont'd)
			what we gotta do is keep moving. no
			time to mope. i'm working at the
			club tonight. and you, dancing queen,
			are coming with me.

					julie
			no i'm not.

	karla holds up another dress for julie -- strapless, sexy, the one.

					karla
			fine, then be fat, ugly, and
			depressed.

	karla is dancing around. julie laughs at her friend and takes the
	dress when karla hands it to her.

									cut to:

