            int. black cat pool club - continuous

            mack's wondering where she is.

                                mack
                      c'mon, baby!

            he walks doing a little funky rufus thomas shuffle to the
            music.  he steps into the club room.  it's dark, lit only by
            the jukebox.  but it's empty.

                                mack (cont'd)
                      bitch.  nobody walks out on eddie mack.

            then he sees something.  her legs on the floor, sticking out
            behind the jukebox.  he walks towards her, slowly...

            then sees the deepening pool of blood pouring across the
            floor right towards him.  whatever happened to her, she's
            beyond his help now.

                                mack (cont'd)
                      muthafucka!

            he whips around but can't see anyone.  he strides defiantly
            back into the pool room.

                                mack (cont'd)
                      c'mon.  i take you all on.

            mack picks up the two gold plated revolvers off the mirror
            with coke on it.  suddenly all the coke moves on its own. 
            the many grams piled there, all merge into one pile.

                                mack (cont'd)
                      what the...?

            he bends down to check it out.  and the coke actually flies
            straight up off the mirror with the force of a punch and
            shoots like a fire hose straight up his nose.

            he reels back, choking.  coughing.  after having probably an
            ounce fly straight up his snot-locker.  blood pouring out his
            nose.  wobbly now.

            he hears a low echoing laughter through the club, and the
            sound of the cue ball breaking and sending pool balls
            spinning 'round the table.

                                mack (cont'd)
                      who's there?

            bones stands by the pool table, under the overhanging light. 
            he pulls out his razor and with one savage slice, splinters
            the pool cue in two.

                                mack (cont'd)
                      bones?  jimmy bones?  that you?  you're
                      dead.  i killed you and i stuck your dead
                      ass in a hole in the ground wrapped in
                      nothing but your bitch's bloody rags. 
                      now i'll count the holes in your
                      muthafuckin' chest.  and i'll add a few
                      more.

            he fires both guns at bones, while backing away.  bones don't
            feel a thing.  he just picks up the mirror and holds it up
            facing mack.

                                bones
                      this it?  your big-ass tidal wave.

            mack sees his own terrified face staring back from the
            mirror, belling hanging over his briefs, coke and blood
            clotted on his face.

                                bones (cont'd)
                      look like the wave's long gone and
                      nothing but oil scum, dead fish, and yo'
                      ugly ass left on the beach.

            mack shoots wildly at bones.  at the mirror - blasting it
            into shards.

            but bones stands unscathed.  and the shards of broken mirror
            do not fall to the ground.  they remain in the air, forming a
            living room swarm of razor sharp glass.

            mack turns and runs, waaaaay too fucking late, as the swarm
            of glass shards fly like angry wasps right at him

            eddie's thrown forward by the sheer force of them, and is
            skewered throughout his body by all the glass fragments. 
            pinned -- face mashed against the wall.

                                bones (cont'd)
                          (mack's voice)
                      "i'm taking a five dollar kick in the
                      head that's a quick ticket to heaven."

            mack pinned to the wall.  bleeding from everywhere.  snot
            blood-coke mess drips out his nose.  bones pulls mack's head
            back by his hair and slides his razor into the half inch
            between his adam's apple and the wall.

            as the juke box changes song, we hear a liquid slice and a
            scream slip into a gurgle.

            bones' long hands drip blood as he ties something to his
            belt.  we don't quite see what it is, not until we catch the
            sight of eddie mack's headless remains pinned to the wall.

