            int. bones' building - past/present

            intercut with her face back in the seance staring wide
            mouthed in her trance.

            the sound of her heart pounds like the deepest dub track.

            total dislocation for her as she sees jimmy's old room, as it
            was -- but also sees it as it is now, and with her daughter,
            cinnabar, lying underneath the covers of the big, round bed.

            and lying close beside her, another figure beneath the
            covers.

            whoever is there snuggles closer to cinnabar.  she responds
            as he presses against her, then wakes up.

                                cinnabar
                          (laughing low)
                      cut it out.

            but he doesn't.  the movement beside her is undulant. 
            strong, erotic, she almost gives into it.  and still laughs
            as she says:

                                cinnabar (cont'd)
                      no, no patrick.  stop.

            the figure in the bed presses urgently against her, in a
            rocking movement which catches her up in it.  she can't help
            it, she begins to respond to the urging behind her.

            pearl's eyes widen as the whole room shifts and becomes one
            fetid necropoliptic texture.  the bed retains its shape but
            liquefies, seems to become one with the floor and the walls,
            all made of a kind of thick, bloody-mud in which the trapped
            faces and distorted limbs of the dead twist and moan.

            meanwhile, on that strange bed, the figure behind cinnabar
            seems to wrap soft limbs around her, locking her in embrace.

                                cinnabar (cont'd)
                      cut it out.

            but it doesn't cut out.  it builds.  strong.  erotic. 
            insistent.  she almost gives in to it.

                                cinnabar (cont'd)
                      no, no patrick.  stop.

            but the movement is more insistent.  and rougher.  she starts
            to protest louder when she feels a hand, or something, steal
            across her mouth to muffle her objections.

            pearl tires to reach across her vision to grab her daughter
            and help her, but she can't.

