            int. pearl's parlor - night

            pearl sits alone, drinking.  maybe crying a little.  her
            hands shuffle large tarot cards.  she lays her own spread. 
            first card face down.  second card face up.

            the lovers.

            and across it the third is laid: the crumbling tower.

            then she slips the first card, the down-turned card out and
            flips it face up.  death.  suddenly a long black shadow falls
            over the table.

                                pearl
                          (without looking up)
                      welcome back, lover.

            she finally looks up at him.

                                pearl (cont'd)
                      not so bad.  you're not quite him.  but
                      you're not the shaggy demon i expected,
                      neither.

            his face quivers and we see from his pov:

            pearl - then and now.  again, then and now.

                                pearl (cont'd)
                      you look confused.  the dead often are. 
                      'course, so are the living.  take me.  i
                      been confused a long time.  least twenty
                      years.  maybe if i hadn'ta walked in at
                      that moment.  or maybe if i hadn'ta let
                      you go at all.  i figure one way or the
                      other, i killed you.  so it's only fair:
                      kill me, lover.  i don't mind.  i'll even
                      help you.  the way you helped me.

            she grabs his hand, tries to stab herself with his razor. 
            but he resists.  pulls his arm free.

                                pearl (cont'd)
                      no?  that mean there's something more
                      left of you than just that hungry spirit? 
                      what are you going to do now?  kill us? 
                      kill us all?

                                bones
                      no.  not...not you.  you i forgive.

            she hurls herself at him.  slapping him.  slamming her fists
            against his shadowy chest.

                                pearl
                      forgive me?  the hell with you, jimmy. 
                      cause i don't forgive you, i don't
                      forgive you for dying.  and for being so
                      goddamn stubborn.  or for haunting my
                      dreams.  and i don't forgive you for
                      anything you're about to do.

            he looks down at her.  his face wavering between the true
            face of jimmy bones and the angry bones ready to kill her.

            then he wraps his arms around her and they kiss.  she faints,
            the cards in her fist fluttering to the floor.

            he lays her gently down.  when suddenly cinnabar throws the
            door open.

            she and bones make eye contact.  she sets eyes for the first
            time on the father she's never known.  and in the blink of
            her eye, he's gone.  she runs to where her mom lies on the
            floor.

