            int. shotgun's apartment - continuous

            shotgun's hand shakes as he pours another shot.  then downs
            it.  he turns to the window and freezes at what he sees.

            bones face is just outside the window.  the second story
            window.  smiling in at him.  shotgun is petrified.  but then
            he picks up his gun and shoots at the face in the window.

                                bones (o.s.)
                      free at last, free at last.

            shotgun whirls and there stands bones behind him now.

                                shotgun
                      it wasn't my fault.  i didn't know what
                      they'd planned.

                                bones
                      shush.  it don't matter now.

                                shotgun
                      no.  really, jimmy.  remember, man.  it's
                      me.  i was on your side.  don't you
                      remember?

            he just walks towards the terrified shotgun, closer and
            closer, leaning right over his shotgun, his face coming just
            inches from shotgun's face.

                                bones
                      take a look at what i remember,
                      brother...

            his big brown eyes fill shotgun's vision, and in what now
            seem to be the gigantic pupils in bones' eyes, shotgun sees
            the old apartment, and there it all is again and again.

            shotgun sees himself hesitating, almost risking it all and
            instead giving in, stabbing bones -- he can't look away. 
            then bones closes his eyes.  shotgun sobbing now.

                                shotgun
                      i had no choice, jimmy.  what else could
                      i do?

                                bones
                      you coulda died with me.  died trying.

            shotgun is cradling his weapon, hands shaking.  he points it
            at bones and pulls the trigger.  bones doesn't even flinch as
            the pellets rip through him.

                                bones (cont'd)
                      feel better?

            bones' impossibly long fingers hold his long rusty razor.  he
            waves the razor in front of shotgun, the rusty blade swinging
            free back and forth, hypnotically, with a rasping sound.

                                bones (cont'd)
                      you gonna be free and clear, shotgun. 
                      all debts paid...

            and then in one swift motion, on the back stroke, bones' hand
            and razor slash across shotgun's throat.

            shotgun doesn't even have time to scream, we just hear his
            breath and blood escaping from the new opening across his
            neck.

            bones bends down and cradling his old friend, whispers gently
            into his ear.  singing, perhaps.  we can't quite hear.

                                bones (cont'd)
                      see you on the other side, brother.

            bones gets up and moves around the room, standing before the
            window and looking down at the neighborhood he used to own.

            for a second he sees the old neighborhood, everybody hanging
            out.  then he blinks back to reality.  he looks down the
            block and sees pearl's reader and advisor sign.

