            ext. blackstone ave. - continuous

            they walk around the corner and enter a bleak block with at
            least half the lots burnt out.

                                palmer
                      is it too late for me to officially
                      register my growing certainty that this
                      is an extremely bad idea?

            farther down, in the center of one side of the street, stands
            a particularly ominous abandoned building.  bones' building.

            jason ignites a zippo, and they see one loose brick.  jason
            pulls it out and behind it sees a glint of baggy.

                                jason
                      easy as pie.  and twice as tasty.

            he opens the bag.  it's filled with rock cocaine.

            angle - across the street

            on the third floor, shotgun sits in his straight-backed chair
            in front of the open center window drinking coffee, cradling
            his rifle on his lap.  sees the frat boys picking up their
            shit.  then he looks out at bone's 'tomb':

            dark blank windows staring back at him; the building's front
            door covered with broken vertical boards with jagged pieces
            missing, looking almost like a jack-o-lantern's grin.

            shotgun then looks back down at the boys below.  from behind
            them they hear their car alarm go off.

                                palmer
                      someone's screwing with the car!

            but from the other way come cops, in a plain wrap car, a hand
            reaching out and putting the spinning blue light on the roof. 
            no place to run.  no place to hide for the boys.  they reach
            for the door of the shuttered building -- and it opens!

                                shotgun
                      yo.  you two, get the hell away from
                      there!

            but they ignore him and disappear into the darkness inside
            the gaping maw of bones' building.

            shotgun shakes his head sitting back down, cradling his
            rifle.

                                shotgun (cont'd)
                      fools.

