            int. the building/club - continuous

            the place is unfinished.  but all the cooler for it.  the bar
            is crude.  cheap beer and jug wine.  but the crowd don't
            mind.  the place is alive.  the boys are on fire.

            a packed floor of dancers move as sound and image break beat,
            and maurice's voice erupts in deep dub reverb.

                                maurice
                      the gangsta of love is in the house.

            hits the reverb and it echoes.

                                echo (o.s.)
                      in the house...house...house...

            on screens

            throughout the house, the video interviews the guys did and
            mixed like audio samples with old blaxploitation clips and
            other video oddities the boys came up with.

                                maurice
                      ill bill is in the house...house...house
                      ... house.

            and over maurice's gothic drum and bass, bill starts
            turntabling some seriously dark funk.

            intercut with the black dog

            coming ominously down the third floor stairs.

                                maurice (cont'd)
                      jimmy bones is in the house...house...
                      house... 
                      this is the story of jimmy bones.  black
                      as night and hard as stones.

            the dog now on the second floor stairs.

                                bill
                      ...bones ol' bones so mean and bad,
                      whupped his mamma, shot his dad.

                                maurice
                      saw bones ol' bones on top of the hill. 
                      rolling fat jays outta hundred dollar
                      bills.

                                tia
                      ...lord he never worked a day and he
                      never will...

            bill builds, lets the record spin, then pops the kill button. 
            the tune fades in a distorted way as he start/stops/start/
            stops it, forcing the sound backwards and forwards...

            ...as maurice twiddles dials and distorts it all further --
            it's spooky, but way funky.

            new angle - the black dog

            is now in the house too.  walking through the throbbing
            crowd, making a path right through them, most of the dancers
            paying it no mind, it's just another part of the trippy
            scene.  or do they even see it?  we can't tell.

            closer angle - on the dog

            and it's single-minded concentration.  staring straight ahead
            as it moves through the crowd towards maurice, who for a
            second, notices the dog coming but making nothing of it.

            reverse - the dog's pov

            what it's staring at.  bones' old ring on maurice's finger.

            new angle - maurice's pov

            when he looks back, he sees not a dog, but a beautiful black
            woman, a dark lady, who only has eyes for him.

            dancing seductively, drawing a crowd as she moves, she stares
            straight ahead at maurice.

            maurice's joint droops from the corner of his mouth as he
            realizes "yes!", this world-class beauty is most definitely
            flirting with him.

            the dark lady's still throwing him deep looks as she dances
            off the floor and then disappears up the stairs, making
            maurice lean into bill.

                                maurice
                      can you take a little extended solo right
                      about now, funk soul brotha?

                                bill
                      go for it.

            maurice heads upstairs, sure that his short dj career is
            already paying off big time.

