			ext. blackstone ave. - 2000 - night

            dark night.  most street lights shot out.  just one or two of
            the eerie vapor lights left on the block.

            a middle-aged african-american man carries his single bag of
            groceries.  the man listens and watches carefully, as he
            negotiates the darkness between the few pools of light on the
            street.

            we won't see his face until he reaches the next pool of
            light, but he walks with shoulders hunched in fear.

            moving down the block, all shops abandoned.  broken windows. 
            rats.  the man almost trips over a vague shadow passed out
            and crumpled in an abandoned doorway.  it's the crackhead we
            saw mumbling himself into the nod-off zone.  he's still
            faintly singing a part of the bones song as the man passes. 
            he stops in the light.

            and we see it's shotgun: 20 years of fear and loathing etched
            on his face.  he freezes, listening for a second to the
            crackheads wheezing mumbles - no - it's something else he's
            listening for -- and hearing.

            from behind him a low wheezy sound, like some huge panting
            dog.  he stops.  and it stops.  he walks on and it follows:

            as he hurries to the next pool of light and safety, his ears
            strain for the nearly silent padding and wheezing steadily
            following.

            suddenly, he hears that panting closer and closer until it's
            nearly right behind him.  he starts running, though he hasn't
            yet seen anything.  only heard the mongrel hot on his heels.

            follow with shotgun

            as he stumbles, careens, and wheezes through the streets and
            alleys, terrified.  winded, he eventually stops, his hand
            trembling into his shopping bag, seeking a weapon.

            and we see the building he's paused beside: bones' place. 
            pockmarked by age.  like the face of some furious old man.

            now he can almost feel the dog's breath on the back of his
            neck...shotgun spins, whipping a bottle of milk out of the
            bag and hurling it into the darkness behind him.

            the bottle smashes against the wall of bones' building.  for
            a second, silhouetted against the now whited wall, the tall,
            too tall, shape of the skinny black dog.

            without waiting to see what he hit, shotgun takes off running
            to reach his building across the street.  the sound of the
            dog's nails skittering across the street right behind him --

            -- and he just makes it --

