            ext. blackstone ave. - day

            bones steps out from the car on to his street like a
            benevolent feudal lord or a popular mafia don.

                                                     quick cuts of jimmy:

            -- greeting and soul shaking every man, woman and child on
            the block: they display a mixture of fear/love and respect.

            -- coolly taking down numbers in a notebook: soothing to the
            losers, encouraging to the wary, tough with the welchers.

            -- and handing out a rare win to an astonished old man
            standing in his pajamas in the doorway of an old tenement.:

                                bones
                      don't spend it all in one place.  spread
                      it around.  and shop local.
					  
this portion of the screenplay is originally pages 13-14.  it is presented 
out of order to reflect the final film.  
					  
			we see pearl standing at the sink, scrubbing the blood stains
            on her, washing her hands, washing and washing them...

                                                       credits roll over:

            her hands, washing becomes time passing.  years, decades, the
            building and the surroundings decay... and still the dark,
            skinny dog prowls the shadows.  just one more reason we no
            longer see anyone walk the street at night.

            the 90's end --

            and bones' building stands worn and naked with burnt-out lots
            on either side.  and the street feels like a ghost town.

            in the evil colored light of the gaseous street lights,
            bones' own shadow stretches and distorts across all three
            stories.  his shadow face filling a window.  as in and around
            the building and out in the ruins on either side, the black
            dog still walks.

            and finally return to weathered hands still washing
            themselves in hot water --

            to the present.

            pull out and reveal pearl, skin drawn, eyes heavy, now 20
            years older, washing her hands.  and then drying them.

            credits end
			
this portion of the screenplay is originally pages 26-31.  it is presented 
out of order to reflect the final film.  this portion of the screenplay contains scenes that do not 
appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie.  in order to maintain the 
integrity of the screenplay, it has not been edited. 
                                                               close on:

