            int. basement - later

            patrick and the others in the basement listening to some very
            strange sounds: groans, thumps, throbs.

                                maurice
                      sounds like we got the invisible scratch
                      piklz hiding in our pipes.

            patrick traces the piping with the wrench, he comes to a
            triple corner, where three small pipes all come together.

                                patrick
                      i think these bring the water down from
                      the bathroom.  into this...

            a larger pipe that goes down the wall and disappears beneath
            the floor.  the thumping sounds emanate from here.  he puts
            his finger along the seam of the joint.  he pulls it away,
            red.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      check it out.  the same shit that was in
                      the carpet.  told you it was from the
                      plumbing.

            he lifts the wrench to tighten the seal.  the metal groans. 
            then snaps.  sending a thick spray of foul smelling red
            sludge shooting out of the seam, right into patrick's face.

                                patrick (cont'd)
                      damn, i knew these pipes were wacked.

            he turns the wrench the other way, re-tightening.  the sound
            seems to move now through the piping.  then the red sludge
            sprays out of the next three joints, smearing the others.

            the pounding, throbbing sounds begin to bounce around the
            room, as if something were actually moving through the pipes
            until it returns to the central large pipe and moves down,
            disappearing beneath their feet.

            then a rasping bark calls their attention.  bones the dog
            sits by the padlocked door, panting.  grinning.

            patrick smashes the old lock with the large wrench and opens
            the door to reveal another set of stairs leading down into a
            deeper storm cellar where the sound disappeared.

