            int. elevator - continuous

            bones' pov rises straight up as if still in a working
            elevator.  it rises and we follow up from the basement to the
            empty first floor, past the second floor to:

            the third floor

            where we're still inside, floating in the elevator cage. 
            then the pov moves through the metal bars and floats towards
            bill, who's approaching the door of the room where jimmy
            died.

            as bill reaches to open it, bones' pov floats closer - and
            closer - right up on bill's back now.  bill feeling the hairs
            on his neck suddenly rising.  then he hears:

                                hollow echoes
                      go on.  it won't kill you.

            bill turns around to check with maurice.

                                bill
                      you had to hear tha...

            but maurice is gone.  and he doesn't see the shadow there
            behind him.  bill leans in to the door, listening...

                                hollow echoes
                      i ain't gonna be the only one with this
                      nigger's blood on my hands...

                                bill
                      what the f--?

            a hand jolts him from behind.  he spins -- it's just maurice.

                                maurice
                      's up?

                                bill
                      nothing.  contact paranoia.  must be
                      buggin' from hanging with you.

            they turn to walk back down.  maurice stops to re-light his
            joint when the bones-shadow reaches out to grab his wrist.

            but it's no good.  the shadow hand passes right through,
            maurice pauses for an instant as if he felt something.

            maurice lights his roach, and the match burns closer and
            closer to his fingertips.  then singes them and he drops the
            match.  maurice then heads downstairs after bill.

            the shadow remains behind, staring at the still burning match
            on the wooden floor.  he bends down, staring intently as if
            willing it to burn, his hands urging it on, the flame
            suddenly rising.  but then the match sputters harmlessly out. 
            the shadow turns back towards the boys downstairs.

            while on the second floor

            tia explores the rest of the floor.  hears a sound, like a
            whimpering, from behind another door.

            she slowly eases open the door then jumps back -- inside, the
            dog.  it growls low and mean, the black fur on the back of
            it's neck rising.  it's eyes burning too red and bright.

            tia freezes.

            the dog growls deeply at her.  and as he does we see the
            bones shadow rising behind her.  it seems to lean in and over
            her, and the dog stops growling.

            tia cautiously holds her hand outstretched with the burger
            for the dog to smell.

            bones' shadow from lingers behind her, perhaps simply
            enjoying the first sight in hellish eons of a beautiful girl.

                                tia
                      how'd you get locked in here?  and for
                      how long?  poor baby...

            the dog leaps up - but not to rip her throat out.  instead it
            snatches the burger and wolfs it down in one gulp.

                                tia (cont'd)
                      poor boy.  you must be starving.

