45	ext.    the monastery.    hana's garden.    day.

hana has been reviving a vegetable patch.  she comes to garden.  crows 
are feasting.  she's furious, shouts, runs at them.  nature, wildness, 
insisting on invading her peace.


46*.	ext.    the monastery.    graveyard.    morning.

hana appears from the cemetery, dragging a metal crucifix.  it's bigger 
than she is, and she drags it, as if approaching calvary.  a man 
watcher her from a bicycle.  he's approaching fifty, grizzled and 
attractive, and could be italian.  his hands are bandaged.  hana aims 
the cross at the soil, but is not quite bit or strong enough.  the man, 
caravaggio, chooses this moment to introduce himself.  he drops the 
bicycle on the ground with a clatter.

			caravaggio
				(very cheerful)
		buon' giorno!

hana turns, startled and suspicious.

			caravaggio
		are you hana?

			hana
		what do you want?

			caravaggio
		i met your friend mary.  she said i
		should stop and see if you were okay.
		apparently we're neighbors - my house
		is two blocks from yours in montreal.
		cabot, north of laurier.  bonjour.

			hana
				(unraveling this information)
		bonjour.

he goes to her and - putting a bandaged hand behind her ear - produces 
an egg.  he beams, as does hana.

			caravaggio
		i'd like to take credit, but it's from
		mary.  my name's david caravaggio,
		but nobody ever called me david.
		caravaggio they find to absurd to
		miss out on.

during this he attempts the same thing with his other hand to hana's 
other ear.  the egg drops to the ground.  cursing, he gets on his knees 
and starts to scoop it up, preserving it.


47*.	int.    the monastery.    kitchen.    day.

hana has taken his eggs and put them into a bowl.  she beats them with 
a knife picking out the bits of shell.  caravaggio watches, takes in 
how little food there is otherwise.  the table seems useful more as a 
sewing area than for cooking - it's strewn with altar cloths being sewn 
into drapes.  on a tray on the table are two phials of morphine from 
the patient's room.  as hana turns to the stove, he's moved and covered 
them with his bandaged hands, a second later and he's juggled them into 
his pockets with the slightest clink.  hana looks at him.  he shrugs, 
nods at the eggs.

			caravaggio
		they're fresh.  i haven't eaten an egg
		in...have you noticed there are chickens?
		you get chickens in italy but no eggs.
		in africa there were always eggs, but
		never chickens.  who separates them?

			hana
		you were in africa?

			caravaggio
		yeah, for a while.

			hana
		so was my patient.

			caravaggio
		i'd like to stay.  that's the long and
		short of it.  i mean, you know blah-blah
		if it's convenient, if there's room 
		blah-blah-blah.  i have to do some 
		work here -i speak the language.  
		there are partisans to be -
				(trying to paraphrase)
		#name?
		relieve them of their weapons, you 
		know - while we hug.  i was a thief, so 
		they think i'd be good at that.

			hana
		so you can shoot a pistol?

			caravaggio
				(showing his hands)
		no.

			hana
		if you said yes i would have had a
		reason.  you should let me redress
		those bandages.  before you go.

			caravaggio
		i'm okay.  look, it's a big house.  we
		needn't disturb each other.  i can shoot
		a pistol!  i'll sleep in the stables.  i
		don't care where i sleep.  i don't sleep.

			hana
		because we're fine here.  i don't know
		what mary told you about me, but i
		don't need company, i don't need
		to be looked at.

			caravaggio
		fine.  i'm not looking.


