163	ext.    viaduct.    day.

the tanks are rumbling towards the viaduct.  horns start sounding.  
hardy, below, bellows at his men above for explanation.

			hardy
		corporal!?  dade!!

			dade
		tanks, sir.  don't know what it's about.
		god only knows.

			hardy
				(incredulous)
		what is this - a bloody carnival?
		stop them!

three sappers run across the bridge towards the oncoming procession.  
they wave their orange flags, the tanks wave back wit their flags - 
stars and stripes, union jacks.  now shots are ringing out.  in the 
shaft, oblivious, kip slides out from under the bomb, the oxygen 
spurting everywhere, all over his clothes, hissing on the surface of 
the water.  hardy bends into the shaft, heedless of his own safety.

			hardy
		you've got to cut, sir, that frost
		won't last.

			kip
		go away.

			hardy
		yessir.

			kip
		this is making me incredibly angry.

he rubs his hands to warm them up, locates his needle pliers and slips 
them through the tiny gap.  his hand touches the casing and the freeze 
burns his hand.  he jerks back, dropping the pliers into the sludge, 
cursing.

now he's on his hands and knees in the sludge, trying frantically to 
find the pliers.  hardy looks at his watch, he can't help.  the seconds 
run out as kip grovels in the mud.  totally submerged, he suddenly 
comes out with the pliers, goes straight to the fuse, no finesse, and 
cuts.  there's a snip.  then nothing.  then kip laughs at hardy.

			kip
		kiss me.

hardy is already at the winch, hauling it up.  kip can hardly clip on 
the halter - his hands numb and burned.  as the pulley jerks he just 
clings on, rising from the grip of the mud like an ancient corpse out 
of a bog.

the other sappers have gathered around the edge of the site.  great 
elation on their faces.

			hardy 
		get a blanket!
				(not getting attention)
		dade!  get the lieutenant a blanket.

			dade
		it's over, sarge.  it's over.  jerry's surrendered.
				(to kip)
		sir, congratulations!

kip shakes his hand.  kip shakes hardy's hand.

			kip
		congratulations.  

and now they're all shaking hands, and slapping backs and the soldiers 
from the tanks are there and the victory  celebrations begin.  kip's 
blank, drained, not taking anything in, as dade wraps a blanket around 
his shoulders.

hana's on top of the viaduct, watching as kip is wrapped in his 
blanket, the men celebrating.  she shouts with relief from the top of 
the bridge.

			hana
		kip!


