177	ext.   basecamp at the cave of swimmers.   day.

almásy watches as the plane drops towards him, shielding his eyes 
against the sun.  the plane bounces along the runway, not quite 
landing.  almásy continues packing the equipment.

almásy looks up to see the plane swerve, now suddenly heading straight 
towards him.  he's completely vulnerable, nowhere to run.  he dives at 
the ground.  the plane smashes against an invisible ridge and turns 
over and over, the wings snapping off like twigs as it hurtles past the 
prostrate almásy.  he gets to his feet and starts to run towards the 
wreckage.

a blue line of smoke is uncoiling from the plane, but no fire.  almásy 
pulls away the debris to find  geoffrey - slumped, neck broken, bloody.  
he tries to move him, and in the process reveals, to his absolute 
horror, katharine, staring grimly ahead, unable to move.  he's frantic.

			almÁsy
		katharine!  oh dear god, katharine -
		what are you doing here?

			katharine
				(eyes rolling, an incredible weariness)
		i can't move.  i can't get out.

almásy starts to pull at the wreck around her.
during this -

			almÁsy
		why did he bring you?

			katharine
		a surprise, he said.

almásy inspects clifton, tries to find a pulse.  the smoke circles 
around them.  katharine looks at her husband.

			katharine
		poor geoffrey.  he knew.  he must
		have known all the time.  he was
		shouting - i love you, katharine, 
		i love you so much.  is he badly hurt?
		his neck is odd.

almásy puts his arm around katharine to try and pull her clear.  she 
can't stand the pain.

			katharine
		please don't move me.  it hurts too much.

			almÁsy
		we've got to get you out of here.

			katharine
		it hurts too much.

			almÁsy
				(can't bear to hurt her)
		i know, darling, i'm sorry.

the smoke thickens.  he pulls - hard - the pain from which causes 
katharine to gasp, then pass out.  they slip haphazardly to the ground, 
cushioned a little by the sand.  he lifts her gently into his arms and 
carries her from the danger of the place, then turns and runs back.  
the plane suddenly erupts in flames.  almásy dashes into the fire, 
disappearing into the smoke before emerging with clifton over his 
shoulder, fireman's-lift style.


