265   ext. mccarren airport - night                                   265

      the stalemate with the van continues.    still no movement
      from inside.

                                                       (continued)

      ocean's 11 - rev. 10/24/00                               137.

265   continued:                                                      265

                                 head goon
                   out of the van now! hands up!

      an employee from the charter airline sticks his head out
      of his office door.

                                 employee
                          (innocently)
                   hey, what's going on here?

      half-a-dozen firearms turn and point in his direction.
      the employee disappears back inside his office.

      the head goon cautiously approaches the van, reaches for
      the driver's door, and yanks it open...

      inside: there is no driver. just a video camera mounted
      at eye-level. the head goon cranes back his head,
      befuddled, when he notices for the first time (and maybe
      we do, too) an enormous antenna sprouting from the van's
      rear bumper.

      the van suddenly lurches.


266   short distance away - close on remote control                   266

      complete with a tiny video monitor (displaying the van
      driver's pov) and a steering mechanism -- it's a near-
      replica of the one virgil malloy used in the monster
      truck drag race against his brother.

      and virgil's using it now, too, as he sits next to reuben
      tishkoff in one of reuben's rolls and watches the goons
      scramble back from the flat-tired van.

                                 tishkoff
                   enough monkey business.

      virgil brings the van to a stop, then readies a
      distinctive red button on his remote.


267   back with van                                                   267

      as the head goon reaches for the rear door, his hand
      inches away when...

      ... barroooom!    the door explodes open!

      knocked on his ass, the head goon watches as the canvas
      "x" bags within burn to cinders. he does, however,
      happen to notice one burning shred of paper dislodged
      from a bag: it's a promotional flier for a call girl
      service.

      ocean's 11 - rev. 10/24/00                             138.

