49   int. crowded subway car (chicago)                             49

     native chicagoans demonstrate their indigenous sixth
     sense -- l-car balance -- as the train bends and shakes
     at a corner.
                                                   (continued)

                                                              32.

49   continued:                                                     49

     one passenger in particular keeps his footing, a young
     man in a frayed jacket: linus.

     two overgroomed stockbrokers stand with their backs to
     the young man, yammering about high interest yields, and
     consequently they don't notice (and neither do we, not at
     first) that linus is slowly picking one of their pockets.

     the thievery is glacier-paced: linus, his face always
     forward and inscrutable, gingerly raises one tail of his
     target's brooks brothers jacket and then, with
     incomparable dexterity, unbuttons his wallet pocket with
     a flick of his thumb and forefinger.

     from halfway down the train car, nothing appears amiss,
     and no passenger looks the wiser. or so it seems...

     a copy of the chicago sun-times, opened and upheld,
     lowers just enough to allow its reader a peek at linus.
     it is danny, smirk on his lips: he (and he alone) is
     aware of the ongoing heist.

     back to linus, his spoils (a gucci wallet) now in sight,
     but he waits for just the right moment, and then, when
     the train hits another curve...

     ... he stumbles forward, his left hand finding support on
     the stockbroker's shoulder as his right relieves the man
     of his wallet.

                                linus
                  sorry 'bout that.

                                stockbroker
                  no problem, guy.

     the stockbroker resumes his yacketing, oblivious, as
     linus tucks his prize into his own jacket pocket, face
     betraying nothing. only danny appreciates the artistry
     performed here today. he folds the sun-times under his
     arm as...


