41     int. marco's studio apartment - night                             41

       he enters, and a visible exhaustion overtakes him.     he turns
       on the t.v., and sags to the sofa bed, drained.

       behind him - on a bulletin board:

       yellowing newspaper clippings and wire photographs of
       raymond shaw. senator's son saves unit in kuwait. "lost

       patrol" found after three days in desert; all but two


       survive ordeal. shaw receives nation's highest honor. gulf


       hero honored at white house dinner. shaw wins n.y.


       congressional seat; will be youngest member of house ...

       marco's not letting anything go.

tv41   on the television                                             tv41

       news coverage, the crowded floor of a political convention:




                                                  8/18/03    14.








                           roving reporter

                 -- with public anxiety rekindled by the
                 events of bloody friday, with the war on
                 terror marching into yet another year, no
                 end in sight --

       marco

       yawns -- his eyelids flutter -- he shudders awake, digs in
       his grocery bag for the no doz and shakes out half a dozen.
       which he swallows dry.

                           roving reporter

                 -- the american people are looking for a
                 new agenda -- but because this party
                 remains deeply divided on so many issues,
                 the choice of a vice presidential nominee
                 may be the key unifying factor for the
                 delegates of this convention in much the
                 way johnson helped kennedy in 1960 ...
       then he's up on his feet, moving to the kitchen through the
       small, cramped space overflowing with books, unopened boxes
       from amazon.com and barnes and noble.

