142   int. new york public library - deep in the stacks - day       142

      marco deep in research, at a small table covered with books
      and paper -- a crazy man's kind of chaos.
      the file he stole from rosie's is disemboweled across the
      desktop. a library tape machine plays one of the
      surveillance tapes he's stolen from rosie's:

                          marco's voice

                    (bleeding through earphones)
                what else did we talk about?

      intercut - microfiche

      stories flip past ...

                          rosie's voice

                raymond shaw. and about what happened to
                you, after you were captured. black
                helicopters, secret laboratories, mind
                drugs, mad scientists, shock-torture ...

                          marco's voice

                you don't believe any of it.

                          rosie's voice

                it's crazy. it sounds crazy.

                          marco's voice

                -- maybe that's what they want.     maybe
                that's what they want.

      intercut - tape machine

143   marco pops out one tape, pushes in another.    whir of the    143
      tape rewinding again, then:




                                                   8/18/03   86.








                          marco's voice

                -- i watched raymond shaw kill someone.
                i watched him kill private eddie mavole.
                like it was nothing.

fb143 flashback: rosie's apartment                                 fb143

      marco, on the bed, numb.

                          marco

                and i think they made me kill someone
                too. one of my people. kid named bobby
                baker.
      rosie puts her arms around him --

                          rosie

                or they want you to think that you did.
      -- marco doesn't react -- whir of audio fast-forward --

144   resume - library                                                 144

      marco takes his thumb off the shuttle button and --

                          marco's voice

                ... we were all hooked up to iv tubes and
                wires and equipment -- heart monitors,
                head monitors, electroshock -- and a lot
                of stuff i've never seen before ...
      ... finding, finally, an inside page of the science &
      technology section of the times, with the headline:

             manchurian hopes new implants save lives

      ... and a p.r. photo of managing director david r. donovan,
      smiling, flanked by a team of scientists. the caption only
      mentions donovan by name -- in the picture his hand is
      extended, he's got a tiny implant device cupped in his palm.

                          rosie's voice

                did he have a name?

                          marco's voice

                what?
      marco stares at the photograph.

      panning tight - across the scientists

      in the b.g. of the photograph.    holding on one, half-hidden,
      just slightly out of focus.
      it's noyle.




                                                   8/18/03   87.








                          rosie's voice

                the doctor, ben -- what was his name?
                can you remember?
      a long beat.   marco racks his memory.   then --

                           marco

                noyle.   they called him dr. noyle.
      push in until noyle is just a mass of pixels --

                                                         crash:


145   tight - computer station - another section of the library      145

      a google search.   marco types the name: noyle.

      intercut - computer screen

      a government website:

         south african truth and reconciliation committee

      thumbnail photos of "25 scientists accused of human

      experimentation on political prisoners."

      scrolling down ... until a photo of atticus noyle is center-
      screen. smiling out at us.
      click: headlines -- "capetown u. scientist expelled: alleged
      cia ties" -- "genome researcher sought for questioning by
      the hague" --
      on marco -- energized by what he's seeing --
      click: slide over noyle's face -- key words like "genetic
      memory enhancement," "behavioral modification" ... a
      quicktime video that marco activates, and --

146   in streaming video: noyle                                      146

      his sanitized, early sales pitch, all digitized and degraded
      -- an old web interview:

                          noyle

                ... we really can reinvent ourselves, you
                know, by the remapping of the human
                genome. strengthen character, enhance
                personality, not unlike tummy tucks and
                breast augmentation. generate
                extraordinary abilities in math, music,
                athletics. tweak the sympathy gene,
                boost self-confidence --




                                                    8/18/03   88.








      close - on marco

      staring, excited -- the freak from his nightmares is real --

                          noyle (o.s.)

                    (streaming audio)
                -- broaden the very parameters of memory,
                to offset the ravages of dementia -- or
                virtually liberate an individual from the
                limitations imposed by damaging previous
                experiences -- literally freeing them
                from the burden of their past ...

