211   int. regent wall street ballroom - on the stage                211

      arthur and shaw and their entourage explode victorious from
      the back, just like in the rehearsal. iconic sampling of
      "regular americans" in full-dress uniform accompany the
      winners: a soldier, a sailor, a fireman, a marine, a
      policeman, a fighter pilot, everybody waving, smiling.
      the crowd -- ecstatic.

      rosie

      a tiny island of worry in a sea of celebration. the huge
      light grids ripple with patriotic bunting effects.
      she scans the crowd, the perimeter, the balconies ...

      on the giant screen, behind the stage

      an enormous close-up of arthur --

      the two colossal wall-to-wall screens

      are alive with soaring, imax-style postcard footage of
      americana: monument valley, pike's peak, columbia river,
      golden waving fields of wheat -- city skylines -- perfect
      beaches -- majestic off-shore oil rigs -- galloping herds of
      buffalo -- the breathtaking grandeur of american nature,
      american achievements --




                                                   8/18/03   113.








      intercut - monitors

      various angles on-stage of arthur, his wife, his family,
      close and loose --

212   through marco's scope - same time                              212

      crosshairs finding, locking on arthur -- who is waving, and
      slowing to shake on-stage supports' hands --

213   ballroom floor - rosie                                         213

      staring up at the left-side lighting grid ... where she
      thinks she saw movement. as it blinks off, and then on
      again in a different pattern, there's the silhouette of
      something.
      a figure behind the grid.    marco?   she's sure of it --
      -- and she's moving, pushing her way toward an exit, pulling
      a tiny walkie-talkie from her pocket and yelling into it --

214   through marco's scope:                                         214

      rock-steady on arthur and his hundred-watt smile, as he now
      separates from the procession and moves to his center stage
      mark -- just like in the rehearsal.
      the crowd begins to chant.

215   on the stage - raymond                                         215

      calm and focused. smiling.     his mother leans close,
      whispers something --

