50     int. marco's studio apartment - night                          50

       the images on the television flicker across marco, who
       stares with apparent disbelief at the coverage:

tv50                       newscaster #1                             tv50

                 ... a remarkable development --

tv50a on the podium - raymond (video)                               tv50a

       hands held high, linked with the presidential candidate,
       robert arthur who is clearly eclipsed by raymond's youth,
       his heroic good looks, his natural charisma ...

                           reporter #1

                     (from the convention floor)
                 -- like a long shot catching the favorite
                 on the back stretch of the derby ...
tv50b a staccato flurry of images -- raymond and his mother, newstv50b
      clips, still photos -- appear behind a major media icon:

                           media icon

                 raymond shaw bears the lineage of the
                 fabled prentiss family dynasty --
                 grandson of legendary industrialist and
                 diplomat tyler prentiss, son of
                 controversial senator eleanor prentiss
                 shaw, who took over the seat vacated by
                 her husband, the esteemed john shaw, when
                 he died tragically over twenty years ago.
       marco taking it all in --

                           media icon

                 for many, raymond prentiss shaw is an
                 enigma: millionaire harvard honors
                 student who enlists in the military --
       intercut: news file footage of raymond's personal history:

                           media icon

                 -- refusing the officer's commission to
                 which he was entitled. the medal of
                 honor winner beloved by the men of the
                 'lost patrol' he saved from an enemy
                 ambush, and then guided back across the
                 open desert to safety --




                                                    8/18/03    23.








tv50c                       cpl. melvin in 1992                      tv50c

                      (gulf war news archive,
                       after the squad was
                       rescued)
                  sgt. shaw? hell, he's probably the
                  kindest, bravest, warmest, most selfless
                  human being i've ever known.
        marco reacts to the image of melvin from ten years ago:
        young, engaging, eyes alive -- marco's lips move in sync
        with words of melvin's statement ('bravest, warmest'
        'selfless' 'ever known') -- as if he knows it by heart --
        his mind shifting --

                            media icon

                  the war hero who dedicated himself to
                  public service after desert storm ...
        push in on marco.   his eyes distant, glazed -- tranced:

                            media icon

                  ... the revolutionary science of bio-
                  genetics, which has, literally --

51      push in on the television: tight - a red supertomato           51

        now commands the screen, plump and glistening in an olive-
        skinned hand decorated with intricate henna tattoos --

                            woman's voice

                  -- transformed the common garden tomato,
                  through genome-level intervention, from
                  that fragile, fickle, vulnerable fruit
                  one must struggle to simply nurture to
                  maturity --
        -- the supertomato slowly bisects itself -- opening, oozing
        viscous red liquid -- revealing an inner structure far more
        suggestive of the human brain than any tomato we've ever
        seen before.

                            woman's voice

                  -- into a resilient, dependable,
                  categorically superior individual in
                  every conceivable way --
        -- moving through
52      marco's dreamscape -- where the mysterious arabic woman from   52
        melvin's drawings -- henna tattoos on her face, as well as
        her hands -- thick, blood-red pulp of the supertomato
        dripping between her fingers -- glides dreamily across
        intricate, sun-bleached tile work through a gathering of
        similarly clothed arabic women. a few older, arabic men are
        off to one side, expressionless, hands in pockets.




                                                8/18/03     24.








                         mysterious woman

               -- strappingly resistant to parasite,
               disease, over-ripening and systemic
               failure -- while, at the same time,
               fiercely heat and water tolerant --
     impressions of soldiers -- members of marco's squad -- flak
     jackets and bdus, rifles at ease, some squatting, some
     leaning against the wall ... cpl. al melvin preternaturally
     engrossed in the presentation ...
     we hear a sandstorm raging outside, causing long draperies
     to flutter and pop! like sails ... strong impressions of
     pfcs ed mavole and bobby baker ...

                         mysterious woman

               -- yet -- note the complexity of the
               frontal lobe -- nevertheless retaining a
               sweet, juicy plumpness reminiscent of the
               finest english beefsteak or italian plum.
     impressions of the american flag. impressions of sgt.
     raymond shaw -- he waits for the mysterious woman like an
     obedient schoolboy, dutifully holding his service revolver
     in his hand.

                         mysterious woman

               those of you with ties to the
               intelligence community may recall the
               cia's misguided mk-ultra program, the
               kgb's novichok research, and similar half-
               assed ventures in great britain and china
               -- under the lay term of 'mind control.'

53   omitted                                                        53


54   omitted                                                        54

55   the bedouin women begin to make a spooky trilling sound,       55
     their zaghareet -- as the mysterious woman's voice starts to
     morph into a man's voice:

                         mysterious woman

               street-corner schizophrenics with tin
               foil on their heads offer sad proof of
               the failure of those endeavors.
     she smiles, creepy, puts a hand on raymond's shoulder --

                         myst. w./noyle's voice

               i can assure you, this is a whole new
               ball game.

                                                        swerve:





                                                  8/18/03   25.







     marco -- is here, too -- his head wrapped in a bandage, he's
     wearing hospital greens. wires and tubes are rigged to his
     head, chest, arms and legs like some high-tech marionette --
     -- all coiling up into the shadows of the high ceiling, into
     thicker cables and tubes beneath which robotic bracket arms
     adjust, whirring softly, with his every movement ... he's
     drugged to the gills, jerking with spasms as low voltage
     electricity courses through his brain ...
     ... and the women's shrill zaghareet peaks --

                         noyle (o.s.)

               captain marco --

     dr. atticus noyle

     the mysterious arabic woman has become the sleek, caucasian
     scientist, atticus noyle, whose oddly accented english is
     flawless:

                         noyle

               -- when you're rescued and returned with
               your patrol to command headquarters, what
               will be among the first duties you will
               undertake?
56   on marco all rigged up with his wires --                       56

                         marco

               i'll recommend sergeant shaw for the
               medal of honor, ma'am. he saved our
               lives, terminated the enemy and led us
               across the desert to safety.
     now the dreamscape visuals seem rear-projected on luminous,
     rippling white fabric ... the bedouin people, tomato/brain
     images, the mystery woman, appear as two-dimensional filmed
     images, flickering across draperies ...

                         noyle

               yes. brilliant.   but there were
               casualties?

                         marco

               there are always casualties, ma'am.
     ... the dream sounds (wind, fabric, women chanting) emanate
     from audio speakers, the sandstorm's wind caused by huge,
     moveable fans ...
     ... impression of an old man shaking a percussive gourd,
     mesmerizing ...
     ... impressions of the squad all rigged up like marco, with
     tubes and wires ... laurent glides behind them -- lab coat,
     surgical gloves on his hands ...




                                                  8/18/03   26.







     a collection of remote cameras on scaffolding and tripods
     buzz and whir as they swivel to follow him.

                         noyle

               here, then, are ten subject soldiers in a
               clinically-induced functional fugue
               state. hyperdelusional that they've been
               bivouacked in a small caravansary to wait
               out a sandstorm.
     marco blinks: sees the mysterious arabic woman dressed in
     noyle's simple suit.

                         mysterious woman

                   (smiles)
               a simple pavlovian parlor trick.
     snapping of fabric, the wind gets louder.
57   marco -- looks around -- no more tubes or wires, and noyle   57
     is now a projected image on the fabric. the dreamscape is
     bending, smearing ... realities overlapping.

     pushing in on spooky, herky-jerky, streaming-video-style


     noyle image:


                         noyle

               our candidate's course of treatment will,
               of course, involve considerably more
               sophisticated intervention over a
               sustained time period, to ensure that a
               stable mechanism is irrevocably in place.
               we employ a kind of neurocellular
               conversion. psychological abreaction
               through genomic repurposing.
                   (then)
               "but dr. noyle, all the literature -- all
               the literature says you cannot make an
               individual act against his deepest moral
               nature -- or his own self interest."
                   (beat)
               hmmm. let's see.
                   (then)
               sgt. shaw. ever killed anyone?
     impressions of raymond -- hyper-alert -- frighteningly
     engaged, and agreeable.

                           raymond

               no ma'am.

                         noyle

               not even in combat?

                           raymond

               no ma'am.




                                                     8/18/03   27.








                           noyle

                 brilliant. casualty time.
       raymond's wires and tubes float with him as he circles,
       pleasantly exchanging greetings with marco --

                             raymond

                 captain.

                             marco

                 sergeant.

                             noyle

                 raymond.    suffocate private mavole.
       impression of raymond thrusting a plastic bag over mavole's
       head --

                           mavole

                 whoawhoa -- wait -- wait a sec --
       -- raymond's hands twist it tightly -- mavole's limbs in
       turmoil, hands fluttering, his shrouded face suffocating in
       the translucent fog of the plastic bag --
       pfc. bobby baker -- intent upon raymond's killing of mavole,
       gaze unwavering, untroubled -- sound of the zaghareet,
       peaking --

                           noyle (o.s.)

                 and at the instant he completes this, or
                 any task, raymond has already forgotten
                 that he has ever been involved in it.
       raymond shaw -- all business -- focused and purposeful --
       twists the bag even tighter -- the plastic bag steaming --
       tubes break, spit liquid, blood -- wires spark -- while
       noyle floats through the b.g., a blur --

