46     int. convention hall - back stage                              46

       ellie in the f.g., intently watching a monitor while, in the
       deep b.g., slightly out of focus, we can see raymond
       speaking, and his convention audience beyond ...

tv46                       raymond                                   tv46

                 -- how deals are struck, committees
                 bullied, agendas bought and sold -- and,
                 with apologies to my mother, i wish to
                 remain an amateur. i believe democracy
                 is not negotiable. we need to secure
                 tomorrow, today.
       ellie shakes her head fondly, and begins to move away as

       crowd roars --


47     convention center corridor, back stage - continuous            47

       tracking with ellie and gillespie and his two aides, and a
       posse of three other formidable-looking politicians through
       a hallway crowded with network camera crews, stray
       delegates, high school marching band members and a complete
       drill team in red-white-and-blue sequined leotards, as:

                             ellie

                 bluffing?

                           gillespie

                 that was the inference.
       raymond's speech echoes incoherently through the corridor.

                           ellie

                 they should be down on their fat white
                 knees thanking me for saving this party
                 from committing political seppuku.




                                                8/18/03     19.








                         congressman healy

               you gave them every opportunity to do the
               right thing, senator.

                         ellie

                   (glances at him)
               no. i gave them one opportunity. and
               that was unusually generous of me.
     she pushes through a door, and into --

