27   ext. the kuwaiti highway - night - marco                        27

     raises his head.   sees:
     -- the bradley, in flames.
     -- the hummer, on its side in the ditch, headlights aglow --
     -- shadows of enemy soldiers, retreating across the dunes.
     -- military helicopters materializing out of the smoke and
     darkness ... circling ... no sound --

                         marco (v.o.)

               i couldn't hear anything, as i was
               temporarily deaf from the explosion of
               the bradley ...
     -- soldiers with gas masks lean out of the open doors of the
     helicopters and drop gas canisters down on marco's team.

                                             in slowing motion:

28   marco's squad -- the effect of the gas is immediate: mavole     28
     collapses in his tracks. melvin points a gun skyward and
     fires a burst that goes harmlessly wide of a helicopter.
     then he falls on his back. heavy, luminous, yellow-orange
     vapor swirls across the battle --
     with marco -- his shirt pulled up over his mouth and nose,
     he wheels to get away from the drifting gas, feet unsteady.
     grabs a dazed bobby baker by the collar --

                         marco

               i got your back, baker.   i got ...
     -- and tries to pull him to safety ... knees buckling ... he
     looks up:
29   marco's p.o.v. - the hummer -- is no   longer stalled on its    29
     side in the ditch, but improbably is   righted again, back on
     four wheels and attacking. a vision    of raymond behind the
     machine gun, firing at the advancing   enemy --
     with marco -- trying to process this.    coughing.   fading.

30   omitted                                                         30


     flash forward: major ben marco                                  31


31

     behind the podium.   takes a sip of water, then:

                         marco

               -- and with complete disregard for his
               own life and safety, sgt. shaw single-
               handedly engaged an entire company of the
               enemy --




                                                  8/18/03   8.








     flash forward: major marco

     behind the podium, repeating himself:

                         marco

               -- of the enemy --

