                int. the house - entrance - night
          
                peter tears down the stairs and runs for the front door,
                passing a mirror --
          
                -- he freezes. he saw something in the reflection as he
                passed. something wrong.
                he takes a step back and looks --
          
                -- it's not his reflection in the mirror.   it's kayako.
          
                peter stares at the image in disbelief. then he notices
                toshio standing next to kayako, looking up at her.
          
                                 revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04     89a.
          
          
          
          as peter slowly turns to look down, a small pale hand slips
          into his own. peter jerks backward in shock as --
          
          a series of images, the origin of "the grudge", flash by:
          
          -- takeo, looking down at the journal, reading his wife's
          words, his face contorted with rage... he turns to see
          kayako, home from work, standing in the doorway...
          
                                    revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04      90.
          
          
          
          -- kayako running down the steps, takeo chasing her, tackling
          her before she can reach the door... sitting on top of her,
          he wraps his hands around her neck...
          
          -- kayako seeing toshio, her son, watching through the bars
          of the second floor railing as...
          
          -- takeo snaps kayako's neck with an audible crack...
          
          -- kayako, not dead, but paralyzed, watching as...
          
          -- takeo drowns a flailing toshio in the bathroom tub...
          
          -- takeo tears apart toshio's cat, still alive, in the
          bathroom sink...
          
          -- kayako letting out a horrible croaking, the only sound her
          broken neck can emit, as takeo advances on her with a knife,
          his eyes filled with a manic madness...
          
          -- takeo in the attic, stuffing kayako and toshio, both very
          dead, wrapped in plastic sheeting, into a corner...
          
          -- kayako suddenly turning her head and grabbing takeo's
          arm... her lifeless eyes focusing on takeo's as she croaks...
          takeo's eyes go wide with fear... and toshio suddenly reaches
          from his plastic grave, grabbing takeo's other arm...
          
          back to the present:
          
          we pan from peter to the reflection in the mirror --
          
          it's not the pale, frightening kayako anymore. rather:     a
          beautiful, young kayako with eyes filled with sorrow.
          
          we pan back to see karen standing there, instead of peter.
          
          karen slumps to the ground in front of the mirror, the
          revelation taking everything out of her.
          
          a beat.   then:
                    that came from upstairs.
          thump.
          karen looks up as the sound continues. we pan over towards
          the stairs as a dragging sound moves across the ceiling.
          accompanied by a strange scraping, like plastic.
          
                                karen
                      no more... please, no more...
          
          she suddenly freezes, sensing something next to her. we see
          it now, as she turns her head, almost hidden in the darkness--
          
                                  revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04      91.
          
          
          
          -- a pale face in the darkened hallway, staring up at the
          ceiling. eyes wide and rolled back, mouth yawning open in
          abject terror --
          
          -- it's doug's body. he lies on his back, his top half
          sticking out from a niche by the stairwell. it's been right
          next to her all along.
          
                               karen
                    doug!   no!!!
          
          karen takes doug into her arms as the sounds continue above,
          growing closer. but it's no use -- he's dead.
          
          and now there's a new sound, moving down the stairs. a
          familiar throaty croaking sound, along with a strange
          skittering, like the world's biggest cockroach.
          
          karen turns to the staircase to see --
          
          -- kayako, crawling down the stairs. still wrapped in the
          plastic sheeting, she moves like a wounded animal, neck
          hanging limply, struggling to pull herself forward --
          
          -- her eyes locked on karen, croaking horribly --
          
          karen sorrow turns to abject terror. she tries to lift
          doug's body and pull it to the front door. it's too heavy.
          
          and kayako is getting closer.
          
          sobbing, karen drops doug and falls back against the front
          door, bumping into --
          
          the gas cans. the one nakagawa unscrewed tips over, spilling
          gasoline into the entryway.
          
          as doug's arm flops to the floor, his outstretched hand lands
          next to karen. she sees something clenched in his fingers --
          
          -- his zippo lighter.
          
          realization dawns over karen as she feels the liquid spilling
          onto her hands. the odor is unmistakable.
          
          karen immediately reaches forward, trying to loosen doug's
          grip on the lighter as --
          
          -- kayako reaches the bottom of the stairs. her broken neck
          makes a horrific cracking as she swivels to face karen.
          
          karen finally gets the lighter. she pushes back against the
          door with legs too numb to stand. her eyes drift up to see --
          
                                 revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04     91a.
          
          
          
          -- toshio, watching from the railing above, as before, his
          cold eyes locked on hers.
          
          karen grabs another can, and spins the lid until it pops off.
          she tips it onto the floor, spilling more gas.
          
                                             revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04     92.
          
          
          
                 kayako doesn't seem to care. she crawls over doug's body and
                 pulls herself through the gasoline, slowly, drawing
                 inexorably closer --
          
                 karen drops the empty gas can and opens doug's lighter.
          
                 she flicks it.   nothing.
          
                 karen tries the lighter again.     and again.   nothing.
          
                 kayako reaches out, blood dripping from her gaping mouth --
          
                 the lighter catches.
          
                 karen flails with her free arm and opens the front door --
          
                 -- just as kayako grabs her ankle.
          
                 karen reaches outside, anchoring a hand to the door frame --
          
                 -- but she can't pull herself free, as --
          
                 -- kayako pulls herself closer, her croaking intensifying --
          
                 -- resigned, karen slowly lowers the flame to the gas can --
          
                 -- and ignites the gas!     there's a sudden bright flash that
                 overtakes the screen --
          
                                                                 fade to white:
          
          
          132    omitted                                                      132
          
          132a                                                               132a
