          47   int. the house - bathroom - day                                  47
          
               suzuki enters, looking at the tub:    filled to the brim.
          
               after a moment, suzuki kneels down next to the bathtub.     he
               pulls the thin chain connected to the rubber stopper --
          
               -- but the end of the chain comes out of the water.      hmmm.
               it's not connected after all.
          
               suzuki eyes the plug at the bottom of the tub.
          
               then he takes off his jacket.   rolls up his shirt sleeve.
          
               and reaches into the water for the rubber stopper.
          
               it's just out of reach.
          
               he rolls up his sleeve a little more.   reaches deeper --
          
               -- suddenly there's a burst of sound: a dull thumping,
               something thrashing in water, the screaming of a young boy,
               voice muffled by water --
          
               -- suzuki recoils as water splashes up around him --
          
               -- he falls away from the tub in horror, landing on his butt.
          
               the bathtub: filled to the brim.     still and silent.    not so
               much as a ripple on the surface.
          
               that couldn't have just been his imagination, could it?
          
               as he slowly stands, he sees something out of the corner of
               his eye --
          
               -- a dead cat, bloody and torn, in the corner of the room.
          
                                       revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04         30a.
          
          
          
                as suzuki backs away from it, eyes widening in horror, he's
                startled by --
          
                matthew, standing in the doorway.   beaming at him.
          
                                    matthew
                          it's perfect. we'll take it.
          
                suzuki looks back to the corner.    there's no dead cat.
          
                a ringing sound comes into focus -- the beeping of a phone,
                waiting for someone to pick up and make the connection...
          
          
          47a   omitted                                                      47a
          
                                         revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04     31.
          
          
          
          
          47b   omitted                                                   47b
          
          
          47c   omitted                                                   47c
          
          
