          117    int. closet - day                                           117
          
                 maria reaches up to a high shelf. she moves a few things
                 aside to get to two shoeboxes buried towards the rear.
          
          
          118    omitted                                                     118
          
          
          118a   int. peter & maria's apartment - day                      118a
          
                 maria re-enters the room, laying the shoeboxes on a table.
          
                                     maria
                           this is all his stuff from school.
          
                 she stares at the boxes, afraid to open them. karen sits
                 down and gently removes the lid of one of them.
          
                 the box contains stacks of photographs and notes. karen
                 removes a pile of photos and starts looking through it.
          
                 after a moment, maria sits down next to her. she opens the
                 other box and pulls out another stack of photos.
          
                 she looks at the first one, sadness crossing her face.
          
                                     maria
                           this was our first date.
          
                 she shows karen the top photo: a "self-portrait" of peter
                 and maria in a park lined with blooming cherry trees.
          
                 the pain returns, and she puts the picture away.
          
                 karen works through her own pile: she's looking at pictures
                 of peter from his university days.
          
                 her eyes widen as she sees --
          
                 kayako. she looks young and alive... but yet somehow sullen
                 and withdrawn, as if she feels she doesn't belong there.
          
                 she's with a group of fellow students. peter is in the
                 group, although he and kayako aren't next to one another.
          
                 karen turns to the next picture -- it's a graduation party.
          
                 kayako is in this one too: standing to the side, watching
                 peter and maria as they give a goofy grin to the camera.
          
                                  revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04      77a.
          
          
          
          as karen flips through them, a definite pattern emerges --
          
          -- kayako is in practically every picture.
          
          and in most, she's not smiling at the camera.    rather, she's
          staring at peter.
          
                               karen
                        (under her breath:)
                    oh my god.
          
                               maria
                    what?   did you find something?
          
          we move to the group photo. peter with maria, surrounded by
          classmates. kayako off to the side, her eyes on peter.
          
                                                          dissolve to:
          
                                        revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04        78.
          
          
          
          
