                int. the house - rear bedroom - night
          
                peter stands in the doorway, looking into the master bedroom
                of toshio's parents. his attention is drawn to something
                near the door --
          
                -- a desk. it's got a computer, some files.     someone's
                personal work space.
          
                peter steps to the desk. he picks up a stack of photographs.
                family pictures: with father (takeo), mother (kayako), and
                son (toshio), holding his black cat.
          
                kayako's face has been torn out of every one.
          
                peter notices something underneath the pile of photos -- a
                familiar journal. the same one karen found in the closet.
                he opens it.
          
                                   revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04        88.
          
          
          
          his pov: it's a journal kayako kept. as peter flips through
          it, kayako's voice speaks the words...
          
          ...and even though it's mostly japanese, there's one word we
          recognize, that she's written repeatedly --
          
          -- "peter". it's been written over and over, in both english
          and japanese, as if she couldn't get enough of seeing it.
          
          past the early pages karen saw, the writing becomes more
          manic, the delicate script becoming a frantic scrawl,
          kayako's voice becomes more desperate and pleading.
          
          taped on the final page is a photo: peter with a group of
          his university friends, at a party. kayako has scribbled
          hearts around his head, and scratched out the other faces.
          
          a bloody thumbprint distorts peter's face.   it's still wet.
          
          peter slams the book shut and drops it. as he does, a
          photograph falls out from inside, landing right-side up.
          
          the photo is of peter at a college party, talking with maria.
          it's clear they're having a great time with one another...
          
          ...but the photo is torn in half, splitting maria's face.
          and kayako is visible between them, sadly and stoically
          watching peter, strands of hair falling down her face.
          
          peter and karen both reach to pick up the photo at the same
          time -- and they bump shoulders. karen falls backwards,
          against the wall.
          
          in disbelief, peter looks around wildly. he reaches out a
          tentative hand, feeling around... karen moves out of the way.
          she can't understand how this could be happening.
          
          as peter is about to stand back up, something small flutters
          down from above, landing on the floor in front of him.
          
          it's kayako's face.   one of the missing pieces from the torn-
          out photographs.
          
          peter slowly looks up to see --
          
          -- all the missing kayako faces have been pinned to the
          closet door. many of the pins go through her eyes.
          
          and that's when peter and karen hear the flies.   buzzing
          anxiously. sounds like there's a lot of them.
          
          it's coming from the closet.   just behind the torn-out faces.
          
                                    revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04       88a.
          
          
          
          karen watches, terrified, as peter reaches out a hand --
          
          -- and slides the door open.
          
          he immediately recoils.    a terrible stench inside.
          
          the buzzing of the flies is louder.    coming from above.
          
          peter pulls a book of matches from his pocket.    lights one.
          
          and looks up.
          
          his pov:   the attic panel is slightly open.
          
          peter reaches up to open it fully --
          
          -- and the upper half of kayako swings down.
          
          she's been wrapped in plastic sheeting, mottled splotches of
          blood on the inside. her neck hangs at an odd angle.
          
                                         revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04       89.
          
          
          
                peter backs away in horror --
          
          
