          67   int. the house - bathroom - night                              67
          
               a new sound breaks the silence: movement outside. crunching
               footsteps on gravel, someone brushing past tree limbs.
          
               a shadow falls over the window.   a face looks inside --
          
               -- it's alex, karen's boss. he walks away from the window
               and continues down the side of the house --
          
               -- we track down the hallway, past the bathroom, through the
               kitchen, following his progress into --
          
               the back room: alex is visible through the sliding door
               leading to the back porch. he peers inside.
          
               his pov: a figure covered head-to-toe in a white sheet lies
               on the mattress. unmoving.
          
               alex tries the sliding door -- it's open.     he steps inside.
          
                                     alex
                         karen?
          
               silence greets him.   he stares down at the figure in the bed.
          
               alex licks his lips, nervous.   finally walks to the mattress,
               kneeling down next to it.
          
               raises a hand and grabs the sheet.      raises it over the head --
          
               -- it's emma. as we last saw her, eyes on the ceiling, mouth
               and eyes wide open in fear.
          
               but now it's clear, from the tache noire in the eyes, the
               blanched skin, the rigidity of her body: she's dead.
          
               alex falls back onto his butt, staring at emma.     he pulls
               himself away from the corpse --
          
               -- and freezes.    there's something right behind him.
               he whirls around --
          
               -- it's karen.    in the corner, looking pale and dazed.
          
                                        revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04       41.
          
          
          
          
