               int. nursing care center - night
               the place is quiet, completely deserted.    except for --
          
               -- alex. he's behind his desk in the reception area, staring
               off into space. alex finally glances up at a clock -- it's
               almost ten o'clock.
          
               he gets up, turns off his computer, switches off the lights,
               and walks around the reception desk towards --
          
                                    revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04     57.
          
          
          
          the front doors. he hits a final light switch and is almost
          to the exit, when --
          
          -- he suddenly slips. almost falls.    saves himself by
          throwing a hand up against the wall.
          
          he looks down.    what the hell did he slip on?
          
          a pool of liquid. right by the front doors, where the ladder
          stood earlier. it's too dark to make out what the fluid is.
          
          alex looks down at his hand -- it's covered in the liquid.
          and there's a dark handprint where he grabbed the wall.
          
          his pov: a trail of footprints lead from the pool of liquid,
          around the base of the stairs.
          
          his eyes on his dirtied hand, alex slowly reaches for the
          nearby light switch. the overheads come on --
          
          -- the liquid is deep red.   blood.
          
          alex looks across the room. shaking, he starts to walk
          forward, following the footsteps.
          
          he pauses at the bottom of the stairs, seeing --
          
          -- the blood trail has stopped.   right by the bottom step.
          
          alex looks up the staircase.   no blood.
          
          after a moment, alex starts to walk up.    as he reaches the
          first landing --
          
          he freezes.   sensing something behind him.   he turns to see --
          
          yoko. head lowered, clothing is torn and bloody. she's
          slowly climbing up the steps, but she's moving jerkily, like
          a marionette, her limbs making a strange creaking as if
          tendons and muscles are being pushed to their limits.
          
          and there's blood dripping down, splattering on her shoes.
          
                                alex
                    yoko?
          
          she keeps moving, straining, climbing... towards him.
          
                                        revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04       58.
          
          
          
                                    alex
                          what... what happened, yoko?
          
               now she finally stops, two steps away.    a long beat.
          
                                    alex
                          say something, please...
          
               yoko slowly raises her head towards him --
          
               -- the lower half of her face is missing. her jawbone has
               been ripped out, her tongue hanging limply on her chest.
          
               alex stumbles backwards... and his foot lands right in a
               puddle of blood. his legs fly out from under him and he
               cracks his head against the ground.
          
               his pov: everything goes blurry, and canted 90 degrees.       but
               it looks like there's a figure standing in the hallway,
               watching the scene...
          
               ...a small boy holding a black cat...
          
               dazed, alex plants a hand on the ground and pulls himself
               into a seating position --
          
               -- and coming face-to-face with yoko, kneeling down directly
               in front of him. her bloody tongue dripping, lolling...
          
               on alex:   eyes wide, he opens his mouth to scream --
          
                                                              hard cut to:
          
          
