          84    int. the house - front room - day                             84
          
                the room is a mess. the bed is unmade, clothes are strewn on
                the floor. looks like a storm swept through it.
          
                yoko stands in the doorway, listening for the thumping
                sounds. but they've stopped.
          
                she finishes her call and hangs up. sighs. she sticks the
                cordless phone into her pocket and starts to clean the room.
          
                as yoko straightens the bedspread, she hears something.
                pauses. and we hear it too --
          
                -- a familiar throaty croaking sound.   quiet and muffled.
          
                                         revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04         49.
          
          
          
                 yoko, a bit unnerved by the strange sound, pulls a small mp3
                 player and headphones from her pocket. she puts them on, and
                 goes back to work.
          
          
          84aa   int. the house - second floor hallway - day                 84aa
          
                 yoko backs into the hallway, humming along to the music.
                 preoccupied, she doesn't notice as --
          
                 the door to the rear room, at the end of the dark hall behind
                 her, slowly swings open.
          
                 yoko turns and walks down the hall towards it.
          
          
          84a    int. the house - rear room - day                             84a
          
                 yoko enters the room, which is also a mess. the moving boxes
                 are tumbled about the small room. she sighs.
          
                 then she notices the ceramic cat on the shelf, facing her
                 (where susan left it).   apparently she's not a big fan of
                 felines: she uneasily turns it to face the wall instead.
          
                 yoko turns back to the room, staring to stack the moving
                 boxes (the way we saw them before). as she does --
          
                 -- she pauses again. the music in her headphones starts
                 phasing, digital noise creeping in...
          
                 yoko takes off the headphones.   stares at them.
          
                 and then there's another croaking sound.   from close by.
          
                 yoko draws a breath, quickly looking up --
          
                 -- at the ceiling, directly above her.   that's where the
                 horrible sound is coming from.
          
                 freaked out, yoko backs away, and opens the bedroom door --
          
          85                                                                   85
