          23   int. the house - tatami room - night                           23
          
               it's very dark in the room -- the lights have been turned
               off. emma, sitting up in bed, turns towards karen.
          
                                    karen
                          emma, who were you talking to?
          
                                       revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04        15.
          
          
          
               that's when karen notices the indentation in the mattress,
               across from where emma is sitting. where someone else would
               be, if the old woman was having a conversation.
          
               emma looks up at karen with pleading eyes.
          
                                   emma
                         i just want her to leave me alone.
          
               karen sits down next to her.
          
                                   karen
                         you should get some rest, emma.
          
               she helps emma lie back --
          
               -- but as the old woman's eyes move to the ceiling, they
               suddenly grow wide, her mouth opening in fear --
          
               -- karen follows her gaze, looking up --
          
               -- and she screams, falling off the mattress, backing away --
          
               a murky blackness is lowering from the ceiling. formless at
               first, but flowing and shifting... like a figure draped with
               black silk. drifting down until the shadowy "head" is only
               inches from emma's terrified face.
          
               and then the "head" slowly turns, rotating towards karen.
          
               in the midst of the blackness are two disembodied eyes.
               filled with an intense rage. focused directly on karen.
          
               off karen's nerve-shattering scream, we...
          
                                                              cut to black.
          
          24                                                                  24
