                 ext. the house - day
                 peter stands in front of the house.
          
                 he glances down at the blue envelope in his hand. he stuffs
                 it in his pocket, unsure about what he's going to do.
          
                 then he opens the gate and goes in, walking to the front
                 door. knocks. silence from inside. he rings the bell.
                 waits. no one comes. he's about to leave --
          
                 but then he hears something from around the side of the
                 house. it sounded like a muffled splash of water.
          
          
          120a   ext. the house - side - day                                120a
          
                 peter peers around the side of the house, a narrow walkway
                 lined with bushes and trees. it's quiet.
          
                                      peter (in japanese)
                           hello?   excuse me?
          
                 after a moment, peter decides to check it out. as he steps
                 around a bush, he suddenly stops, surprised to see --
          
                 peter's pov: two arms hang from a window at the side of the
                 house. they look disembodied, mottled and bruised.
          
                                 revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04      79a.
          
          
          
          it takes peter a moment to recover.   he slowly walks over.
          
                                        revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04      80.
          
          
          
                a familiar boy is inside -- it's toshio. his glazed and
                staring eyes don't seem to notice peter, standing right in
                front of him.
          
                                     peter (in japanese)
                          hello.
          
                no reaction. there's definitely something wrong with this
                boy. peter looks beyond him, into the dark house.
          
                                    peter (in japanese)
                          my name is peter. i'm here to see
                          your mother. is she home?
          
                the boy slowly straightens. his eyes focus on peter. then
                he falls backwards. startled, peter tries to see inside:
          
                                     peter (in japanese)
                          hey!   are you okay??? hello???
          
                peter quickly goes back to the front door.   tries the handle -
                - it's unlocked. he opens the door.
          
          121                                                              121
