               int. the house - living room - night
               karen enters the room as the answering machine picks up, the
               voices of a happy couple on the greeting (in english):
          
                                   matthew & jennifer (on machine)
                         "konnichiwa! matt and jennifer
                         aren't around, leave a message."
          
                                   susan (on machine)
                         "hey, guys, it's susan. matt, are
                         you there? pick up...
                                   (more)
          
                                        revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04       14.
          
                                    susan (on machine) (cont'd)
                          okay, well, i'm leaving work now so
                          you can try my cell, or just call
                          me at home later."
          
               the caller pauses. karen steps closer to the phone base,
               curious, listening:
          
                                    susan (on machine)
                          "i just wanted to make sure mom is
                          okay. yesterday was... a bit
                          weird, and -- i'm just a little
                          worried."
          
               karen, reluctant but realizing she should pick up, reaches
               for the phone...
          
               ...but the phone base is empty.   the cordless is missing.
          
               as karen tries to figure out how to answer with the base:
          
                                    susan (on machine)
                          "listen, just give me a call when
                          you can, okay?"
          
               click.   too late -- the caller hangs up.
          
               silence returns to the room... but not completely.     karen
               hears the soft sound of whispering from nearby.
          
               beyond her, we see a pale face (kayako) pressed against the
               frosted window of the sliding door of the tatami room.
          
               the face pulls away from the glass just before karen turns
               towards it. but the sound of whispering continues.
          
               as she slowly walks to the door, we can make out some words:
          
                                    emma (o.s.)
                          ...i've told them over and over...
                          i've told them over and over...
          
               karen listens for a moment, then slides the door open.
          
