                int. stairwell - 10th floor - night
                the hallway is chilly -- susan shivers. she's about to start
                walking down when she looks up, noticing the lights at the
                top floor flickering.
          
                a wind suddenly blows through the center of the stairwell
                with an eerie roar.
          
                susan looks disconcerted as she starts walking down...
          
                then we hear the scraping sound again. startled, susan
                pauses and looks down, over the railing.
          
                there's nothing there -- but the sound continues, growing
                louder, like something is moving up towards her.
          
                                    susan
                              (calling out:)
                          is anybody there?
          
                just then, the lights on the top floor finally go out.
          
                susan's breath catches in her throat as she looks up --
          
                the lights on the next floor go out. and the next. the
                darkness above growing closer with each darkening floor.
          
                susan nervously looks back down -- the scraping is even
                closer. and then, for an instant, she sees a skinny pale
                hand on the railing two floors down.
          
                terrified, susan starts to back up -- but stops as she
                realizes that the darkness from above is almost upon her.
          
                                       revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04     32a.
          
          
          
                then susan sees a fingertip of the hand at the corner of the
                floor where she stands, and a head covered with black hair
                slowly crawling up on the wall.
          
                susan's mouth opens in a silent screen. with nowhere to
                escape, she opens the same door and rushes back into the
                hallway --
          
          
          49b   omitted                                                    49b
          
                                         revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04        33.
          
          
          
          
          49c    omitted                                                     49c
          
          
          49cc   int. office building - 10th floor hall - night             49cc
          
                 -- but her lucky rabbit's foot gets caught on the door latch.
                 panicking, susan struggles to free herself --
          
                 through the crack, she sees the darkness continuing to come
                 down. the lights on susan's floor flicker.
          
                 susan looks up to see a pale boy on the landing to the higher
                 floor. the same boy is also standing on the landing of each
                 floor above. they're all staring down at susan.
          
                 susan screams as she desperately tries to yank her chain
                 free... and then she sees the pale hand clutching her
                 rabbit's foot!
          
                 the door shuts, and susan falls backwards into the hallway.
          
                 she jumps to her feet and runs down the hall.
          
          
          50     omitted                                                      50
          
          
          51     omitted                                                      51
          
                                          revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04      34.
          
          
          
          
          52     omitted                                                      52
          
          
          52a    omitted                                                     52a
          
          
