          53     int. office building - security room - night                 53
          
                 a cramped room. susan stands in the doorway, animatedly
                 talking to a young security guard sitting at a desk lined
                 with video monitors. she's speaking rapidly, and shaking:
          
                                     susan (in japanese)
                           in the stairs... there was...
                           something... a strange person...
                           all the lights were going out...
          
                 the guard doesn't understand her -- in her panic, susan's
                 mispronouncing her words, and she knows it.
          
                 susan takes a breath, frustrated and frightened.
          
                                     susan
                               (pleading, in english)
                           please. help me.
          
                 the guard stands, placing a reassuring hand on her shoulder.
          
                                     guard (in japanese)
                           i'll take a look. wait here.
          
                 the guard leaves.   susan doesn't look thrilled to be alone.
          
          
          54     omitted                                                      54
          
          
          54a                                                                54a
                 omitted
          
          
                 omitted
          54aa                                                             54aa
          
          
          54ab   int. 10th floor hall - night                              54ab
          
                 holding a flashlight, the guard walks down the hallway,
                 checking the doors.
          
                                         revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04       35.
          
          
          
          
          54b   int. office building - security room - night                54b
          
                susan takes a breath and sits down, trying to relax. it's
                obvious that she feels safer, here in the security room.
          
                then she notices movement on one of the security monitors --
          
                on the screen: -- the guard continues down the 10th floor
                hall, stopping at the door to the stairwell.
          
                susan leans toward the monitor for a better view.
          
                on the screen: the guard opens the stairwell door and leans
                inside, checking it out.
          
                on susan:   her eyes are glued to the screen.   waiting.
          
                on the screen: the guard, finding nothing out of the
                ordinary, closes the door and continues on down the hall.
          
                susan leans back, exhaling.    relieved.
          
                then the video crackles with a sudden quick burst of static.
          
                and susan gasps, sitting upright, as she sees --
          
                on the screen:   the stairwell door opens again.   and then --
          
                -- something dark moves out of the stairwell, entering the
                hallway.
          
                on susan: she recoils from the screen in horror, unable to
                tear her gaze away. her mouth opens in a silent scream, her
                eyes widening as she watches --
          
                -- and then she finds the strength to get to her feet.
          
          55                                                                 55
