          60   int. susan's apartment - night                                 60
          
               susan enters. she takes a long, deep breath. safe at home.
               she sits at her kitchen table, laying her purse down.
          
               her eyes go to the broken chain still hanging from the strap,
               with some rabbit's foot fur lodged in the links.
          
               susan's home phone rings, and she jumps.    she stares at it
               for a moment, then tentatively answers:
          
                                      susan (into phone)
                         hello?
          
                                      matthew (phone)
                         it's me.
          
                                 revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04      36a.
          
          
          
          there's something strange about his voice:   it's oddly flat,
          without inflection.
          
                                         revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04    37.
          
          
          
                                    susan (into phone)
                         matthew!   are you alright?
          
                                    matthew (phone)
                         i'm downstairs. what number are
                         you again?
          
                                    susan (into phone)
                         702.   i'll buzz you in.
          
               she presses a button on the phone, and is about to hang up --
          
               almost immediately there's a loud knock at her door. she
               gets to her feet, surprised. how did he get up so fast?
          
               susan goes to the door and looks through the peephole.
          
               her pov: matthew's face, distorted by the fish-eye glass.
               he's looking into the peephole, with a sneer on his face.
          
               susan opens the door.
          
                                   susan
                         i don't know what you're up to, but
                         this is not cool --
          
               she catches her breath.   there's no one there.
          
               then the phone emits the throaty croaking sound.   quickly
               growing louder and louder...
          
               susan cries out and drops the phone. it breaks open on the
               hallway floor as susan slams her apartment door.
          
          61                                                                61
