          1   int. peter & maria's bedroom - day                               1
          
              fade in on maria (late 20s), asleep in bed. she's
              breathtakingly beautiful. morning light fills the room.      the
              sound of wind, and rippling cloth.
          
              maria stirs, and opens her eyes.     she stretches contentedly.
          
              then she frowns.    rolls over.    she's alone in the bed?
          
              no, she's not: peter (20s) sits on the edge, his back to her.
              two fresh, steaming mugs of coffee sit on a tray near him.
          
                                     maria
                        hey.     are you okay?
          
              peter doesn't turn. he slowly stands and walks forward
              towards an open window.
          
              there's something strange about the way he moves -- stiffly,
              almost jerkily, straining his joints and muscles.
          
              maria gets out of bed, concerned.
          
                                    maria
                        peter?    what's the matter?
          
              he pauses at the window.    turns his head to look back at her.
          
              his eyes are vacant.    his face is a blank.
          
              then peter slowly leans forward.     and falls from the window.
          
              maria stands in shock as the sound of screeching tires from
              outside reaches her ears. then screams of terror from below.
          
              aghast, she finally manages to numbly walk forward, towards
              the window. we move past her and tilt down to reveal --
          
              -- peter's body lies in the middle of the street.     his head
              has burst open, his body broken and twisted.
          
              on the pavement: a line of blood appears, moving down the
              center of the screen. as if hitting grooves we cannot see --
          
              -- the blood slowly forms the shape of two kanji characters.
              a translation appears over them: "the grudge."
          
          
