          103   int. karen's apartment - living room - night               103
          
                karen sits at her computer desk.   she looks exhausted.
          
                online, karen pulls up the home page for the japan times, an
                english-language newspaper.
          
                she types toshio's full name into a search window.
          
                a list of links appear, filling the screen. karen scans
                them. tries one. it's not what she's looking for.
          
                she re-enters toshio's name along with a year -- `2001'.
          
                only one link appears.   the word `murdered' in the headline.
          
                                         revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04      64.
          
          
          
                karen clicks it.   the article fills the screen.
          
                as karen reads it, we catch glimpses of names -- `toshio',
                `kayako', `takeo'. and an ominous phrase: "murder/suicide".
          
                karen clicks a link marked `image'. a scanned picture of the
                newspaper appears -- the article is on the front page, with
                familiar photos of toshio, kayako and takeo.
          
                but then karen's eyes drift to another picture at the bottom
                of the page --
          
                -- peter. she quickly recognizes him from the picture she
                found in the journal. his name is printed below the photo.
                a picture of peter and maria's condo building is next to it.
          
                she looks at the headline:   "american english teacher throws
                self from building".
          
                karen scans the article, thinking.   then she looks up at --
          
                -- toshio's picture.
          
                                                                dissolve to:
          
          104                                                              104
