          128    int. the house - night                                     128
          
                 karen enters, calling out:
          
                                      karen
                           doug!   where are you???
          
                 a muffled sound from upstairs.    a voice.
          
                                      karen
                           doug???
          
                 karen immediately runs up the stairs to --
          
                 the second floor. before she reaches the top of the stairs,
                 karen suddenly realizes:
          
                 the voice she's hearing isn't doug's.
          
                                     voice (o.s.)
                           hey, maria, it's me. yeah, i'm
                           still at school...
          
                 karen slowly looks up to see --
          
                                         revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04        87.
          
          
          
                -- peter. she recognizes him immediately.    he's standing in
                the hallway, talking on his cell phone.
          
                                    peter (into phone)
                          ...i know, i'm sorry -- these staff
                          meetings always run over -- maybe
                          another ten minutes or so -- okay,
                          i'll be home soon -- i love you
                          too.
          
                he hangs up.   leans against the wall.   looking into --
          
                the front bedroom. karen gasps as she sees toshio through
                the open door. he's sitting on the ground, making drawings
                of black cats. this is his bedroom.
          
                                    peter
                              (under his breath)
                          guess your mom's late, huh?
          
                then toshio suddenly looks up.   right at karen.
          
                following toshio's gaze, peter quickly turns to face karen.
                but even though she's right there, he doesn't see her:
          
                she's seeing something that happened three years ago.
          
                as if sensing her presence, peter walks right to the edge of
                the stairs, looking down. then:
          
                a rustling sound comes from the dark hallway. peter turns
                towards the rear bedroom at the end of the hall.
          
          129                                                                129
