                int. susan's apartment - night
                -- slowly walks into the kitchen. she reaches out and turns
                the faucet handle. tightens it. the dripping stops.
          
                relieved, susan turns away --
          
                -- drip.   drip.   it begins again.   louder, more intense.
          
                scared, susan turns back to the sink. water is now gushing
                out from the faucet, filling up a bowl in the sink.
          
                she slowly reaches out a hand and turns the faucet, as
                tightly as she can manage --
          
                -- tighter... tighter... straining with the effort..
          
                until the water stops.   only then does she let go --
          
                -- just then, a child's pale hand quietly rises to the
                surface from water in the bowl, and starts violently
                splashing the surface.
          
                                       revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04        38a.
          
          
          
                susan screams and runs back to her bedroom --
          
          
          62b   int. susan's apartment - bedroom - night                    62b
          
                she lies down, shivering, pulling the quilt to her chin.      a
                final retreat.
          
                                    susan
                          please... stop it...
          
                the splashing sounds in the kitchen continue for a while.
                then, it suddenly stops.
          
                susan is so terrified that she almost faints.
          
                then her breathing stops.   her eyes widen.
          
                her hand reaches up under her pillow, feeling around --
          
                -- and she comes out with her lucky rabbit's foot.
          
                the one she left behind in the stairwell.
          
                susan suddenly cries out, her head tilting back, her body
                abruptly going stiff. we soon see why:
          
                a lump begins to rise at the foot of the bed. a big one.
                moving slowly up susan's body. reaching the edge of the
                quilt, which slowly rises --
          
                -- revealing a quick flash of the pale face of the japanese
                woman with long dark hair on top of her!
          
                susan screams, and is abruptly pulled under the covers --
          
                                                              cut to black.
          
                                         revisions (blue) -- 1/26/04      39.
          
          
          
          
