     int.  "station" - day - later

     a weapon firing!  budda!  budda!  budda!  the automatic weapon is
     being fired by the veteran soldier riley.  he's blazing away at
     an elaborate electronic target a hundred yards away in the huge
     space.

     todd is watching with the other veteran soldiers.  they're seated
     on the floor, wearing drab fatigues, directly across from the
     twenty new soldiers.

     as todd glances at them, the new soldiers look back unblinkingly.
     (the veterans, in spite of their impassive expressions, look very
     human compared to the new soldiers.  their battle scars mark them
     as individuals in sharp contrast to the perfectly-muscled young
     giants across from them.)

     the firing stops, and riley, his weapon empty, leaps to his feet
     and salutes rubrick, who's been watching the demonstration with
     the rest of the officers.

                                   riley
                    sir!

                                   rubrick
                    very nice, riley.  fall away.

                                   riley
                         (another salute)
                    sir!

     as riley joins the veterans squatting motionlessly, rubrick
     glances at the shredded electronic target, glances at his
     stopwatch, then looks at mekum.

                                   rubrick
                    thirty seconds, 90 percent hits.

     mekum smirks, picks up the weapon, disassembles it rapidly.
                                   mekum
                    let's make it more difficult.

     rubrick, church and sloan exchange glances of disbelief as mekum
     scatters the disassembled parts onto the concrete floor with a
     loud clatter.

     todd watches, unblinking, as mekum looks to the new soldiers.

                                   mekum
                    caine six-oh-seven!

     a blond nordic giant is suddenly on his feet among the new
     soldiers.  there is real dignity in his salute; he's like a pro.

                                   caine 607
                    sir!

                                   mekum
                    assemble the weapon, load, fire on
                    the target from various evasive
                    positions in a thirty-second period.

     officers look at each other again in disbelief.
                                   mekum
                    starting...now!

     mekum punches his watch as caine 607 gracefully begins to pick up 
     pieces of weapon, doing it rapidly, yet without apparent haste.

     todd is watching, revealing nothing.

     clack!  ka shack!  click!  caine 607 slaps the weapon together, 
     loading a magazine with a final ka shuck, then he dives to the
     floor, firing a rapid burst at the electronic target which blinks 
     wildly...

     officers watch, impressed.

     caine 607 is firing from another position.

     the target goes crazy.

     caine 607 is rolling and firing at the same time.

     the target goes wild.

     mekum's watch clicks off 27 seconds...28...29...

     the firing stops.

     todd stares impassively as caine 607 salutes.  beside him, riley 
     watches also.

                                   mekum
                         (to caine 607)
                    as you were, soldier.

     rubrick is looking at the electronic target, grudgingly
     impressed.

                                   rubrick
                    ninety-nine percent...

                                   mekum
                         (smug)
                    while taking evasive action...

                                   rubrick
                         (amazed)
                    that's...very good.

                                                       cut to:

