     int.  other room - night

     sandra is changing nathan's diaper as she chatters, her back to
     todd.

                                   sandra
                    ...and it got worse and worse.  my
                    father hadn't had any work in three
                    months and...also...there were other
                    things...violence...  political
                    feelings.  my father said he'd heard
                    it was better in the trinity moons.
                    a lot of other people must have had
                    the same idea because the ship was
                    jammed with people...mostly
                    families.  that's probably why it
                    broke down...  overloaded.

     across the room, todd, wearing a t-shirt and baggy pants is
     sitting on a stool, his face impassive as ever.

     as sandra talks, her back to him, todd's eyes are on the contours
     of her body against the shift she's wearing.  it's very...erotic.

                                   sandra
                    even after they made the repairs, it
                    barely got off the ground, it was an
                    old converted mining transport, a
                    piece of junk to start with.  it
                    just...dropped.  maybe you saw
                    what's left of it...out there in the
                    wind.  a lot of people died.  and we
                    couldn't make any radio contact...
                    so we were stuck here.  nobody was
                    happy about it.  a few years later,
                    when the dumpers started coming over
                    and dropping stuff, people tried to
                    get their attention with explosions
                    and fires.  but it didn't work.
                    they must be unmanned...or they just
                    don't care.  maybe they think we're
                    garbage too!

     todd's face is as impassive as ever while his eyes caress the
     shape of her body...and she, unaware, continues to reminisce.

                                   sandra
                    so there really wasn't any choice.
                    people had to pull together and make
                    the best of it.  we became a...
                    community.

     as sandra maneuvers nathan, todd catches glimpses of her breasts 
     pushing against the material of the shift.  she continues, still
     not noticing where his attention is.

                                   sandra
                    one good thing...nobody bothers us.
                    who'd want to fight over a
                    godforsaken place like this?

     a wry laugh.  she turns to put nathan down on the floor and
     catches todd's eyes just as he shifts them quickly from her
     breasts.

     for a moment it's awkward...she looks at him...then she recovers.

                                   sandra
                    i guess that's what you like!  the
                    fighting, i mean.  the wars.
                         (unsure, a question
                          really)
                    you must...you're a soldier...

     todd doesn't answer as we...

                                                       cut to:

