     int.  cockpit/"daddy"

     entering, nathan moves among the legs of big men, veterans.
     nathan keeps going.

     then, backing against a wall, he looks up and veterans loom past
     him with blank faces.  he is alone again.

     nathan totters onward.

     close angle on charts, the same ones church had on christmas eve, 
     showing tiny dots in a vast sea of space.

     todd and riley are poring over them, their eyes considering dot
     after dot.  finally, todd points to a dot and looks a question at 
     riley.

     riley considers the dot for a long moment...then he looks todd in
     the eye.

                                   riley
                    cold.

     todd looks back at the dot, considers it, looks back at riley.

                                   todd
                    air?

     riley nods a yes.

     todd is thoughtful...finally asks the next question.

                                   todd
                    safe?

                                   riley
                         (nodding yes)
                    but very cold.

     todd considers the dot on the map again, then looks at riley.

                                   todd
                    that one.

                                   riley
                    aye, aye, sir.

     riley turns toward a console, but something makes him look down
     toward his feat.  then he looks back at todd.

     todd follows the look.

     tiny nathan is looking up at todd who's towering over him.

     todd looks down without expression, the scarf from jimmy pig
     still wrapped around his neck.

     nathan puts his arms out to be picked up.

     todd considers the outstretched arms.

     riley looks from todd to nathan and back to todd.  what's this?

     todd hesitates a half second more, then leans down and picks
     nathan up in his arms, lifting the boy to his chest.

     riley looks on.  never seen anything like it.

     nathan is close to todd's face, looking right into it, trying a
     little smile, a nervous one, looking for a response.

     todd hesitates, takes a breath, moves the muscles of his face.

     all he can produce is an awkward grimace, the distortion of a
     smile, almost comical.

     nathan reads the intention successfully.  his face collapses into
     a huge friendly grin.

     todd tries again, making a clumsy sort of rubbery wince.

     riley watches.  totally amazed.

     todd turns, takes nathan to a porthole, puts his face up to it.

     nathan stares out at the darkness punctuated by a billion stars,
     a sky full of hope.

     as nathan looks out, todd works his face again, trying for a
     smile the way a weak man might try to lift a heavy weight.

     nathan looks at the stars outside, todd looks with him and
     suddenly todd's face relaxes into an awkward grin, almost by
     accident.

     riley watches the two of them for a moment, confounded by what
     he's seeing.  then he turns to the console and...

                      the closing credits roll.

