     int.  meeting room

     todd is just putting nathan gently on the floor when he sees
     caine 607 arrive in the doorway.  for halt a second their eyes
     meet, then --

     caine 607 advances on todd.

     still encumbered by children clutching at him, todd sees his
     weapons, but can't get to them.  then it's too late!

     the terrified children watch as the giant caine 607 clubs todd 
     mercilessly with the rifle butt, then hurls him backwards like a
     rag doll.

     horrified, sandra sees todd slam into a wall, slump to the floor.

     dismissing todd, caine 607 turns, looms toward the children.

                                   sandra
                   they're just children!

     caine 607 ignores her, heads for ellen, dragging his bad leg.

     spotting todd's weapons, sandra snatches a heavy rocket rifle,
     brings it up awkwardly, points it, fires!

     and the kick from the heavy gun sends sandra sprawling back, the
     weapon trembling from her hands.

     but the whizzing rocket, a near miss, gets caine 607's attention.
     he turns away from ellen, toward sandra.

     angle on todd rising to his knees, blinking stupidly, trying to
     focus as blood pours into his eyes from a gash in his forehead.

     todd's pov, a vague, unfocused image of sandra, snatching a
     bayonet from todd's gear on the floor and lunging courageously at 
     caine 607.

     vaguely, todd sees caine 607 parry her thrust effortlessly and
     grab her.  as she beats at caine 607 bravely with her fists, the
     big man slams her into a wall brutally.  as she crumples, he hits
     her again.

     angle on todd struggling to his feet, staggering as he shakes his
     head to clear it.

     his eyes go to sandra, slumped against the wall, bloody.

     terrified children look up at caine 607 as he towers over them. 
     suddenly...

     shtunk!  a knife blade suddenly sticks in caine 607's neck.

     caine 607 only flinches... and, as he yanks the knife from his
     neck by the handle, he turns to see who threw the blade...

     wham!  todd slams into him, tackling him, driving his big
     shoulder deep into the new soldier's waist, slamming the big man
     hard into a wall.

     air goes out of caine 607, the knife drops from his hand.

     but that's it for todd's victory.  six-five, two-sixty, caine 607
     is bigger and stronger than todd.  his powerful arms rip todd off
     him like he's taking off a band-aid.

     terrified, wide-eyed children watch todd hurled back across the
     room.

     todd scrambles to his feet, shakes his head clear.

     here comes caine 607, dragging his bad leg.

     todd attacks!  combining a martial arts feint and lunge with a
     vicious kick!

     but 607 counters expertly, brushing aside the attack!

     todd lunges again employing yet another skilled move.

     smack!  caine 607 outmaneuvers todd again, punishing him
     brutally.

     whack!  wham!  smash!  crunch!  this time todd jolts the bigger
     man with a terrible combination of moves, smashing him in the
     adam's apple, kicking him in the knee, driving an elbow into the
     jaw.

     this time it's caine 607 who has to back away to recover.  and
     now he seems to re-consider todd, revealing for the first time a 
     genuine respect.

     as their eyes meet, caine 607 seems to be saying "all right then,
     you're serious, let's do it, fella."

     todd lunges.

     smash!  caine 607 creams him.

     todd twists, slams caine 607 back.

     bash!  a fist to the face!

     ummmmmph!  a knee in a groin!

     slam!  a head against a wall!

                                                       cut to:

     video screen/cockpit/"daddy" - night

     his face tanned from his caribbean vacation, his image blurred
     and distorted by transmission, mekum's video image stares 
     incredulously from the snowy video monitor in the cockpit.

                                   mekum/video screen
                   you can't be serious!  this is some
                   kind of a joke...in poor taste.

     as sloan and rubrick look on uneasily, an indignant church
     addresses the image on the screen.

                                   church
                   not only are we apparently out
                   twenty of your fancy new soldiers,
                   your supermen, we're out both
                   crawlers and all the weapons...so we
                   can't arm the old soldiers, the ones
                   you "improved" on, to defend
                   ourselves...

                                   sloan
                         (panicky, blurting at
                          the screen)
                   we've got to get out of here,
                   colonel mekum!

     church flashes a scowl at sloan as, on the screen, mekum erupts
     excitedly.

                                   mekum/video image
                   abort?  you want to lose twenty top
                   soldiers to a phantom army and then
                   abort the mission?  do you know what
                   that would look like on my record?
                   or yours?  we'd be explaining it for
                   the next fifty years from some
                   goddam assignment in god knows
                   where, we'd --

                                   church
                         (interrupting sharply)
                   well, how's it gonna look when we
                   lose the ship too?  how's that gonna
                   look on the old record?  'cause
                   that's what's gonna happen if we
                   don't get our ass outta here.  we
                   can't defend ourselves with no
                   weapons and --

                                   mekum/video image
                         (fighting his own panic)
                   hold on, hold on there, captain!  at
                   ease!  let's calm down and
                   remember...remember we're soldiers.

                                   church
                         (sarcastic)
                   good plan, colonel.

                                   mekum/video image
                         (moving on, improvising)
                   now we can't just get the shit
                   kicked out of us by an unknown
                   guerilla army...  but maybe we
                   could...alter...our objective...

                                   church
                   meaning?

                                   mekum/video image
                   nuke the joint...and get out!

     delighted with his own genius, mekum smiles triumphantly from the 
     video screen as rubrick, sloan, and church exchange stunned looks
     and we...

                                                       cut to:

