     int.  meeting room

     nathan wobbles into the meeting room doorway and stops there,
     staring.

     the burnt furniture has been heaped in one corner of the room,
     leaving a large open space where todd, bare-chested, a tourniquet
     on one arm, is squatting on the floor, skillfully reassembling a
     stripped rifle.

     surrounding him on the floor in neat piles are the rocket rifles, 
     pistols, ammo clips, utility belts, goggles, torn armor vests,
     boots, grenades, knives, and flashlights he salvaged from the
     dead soldiers.  todd looks up at nathan and their eyes meet.

     nathan recognizes his "friend," tries a tentative little smile.
     but todd just stares at him, and the unformed smile fades from 
     nathan's face.  for a long moment they just look each other in
     the eyes very seriously.

     sandra enters, her dress covered with the wounded man's blood.
     not noticing todd, she rushes to nathan, grabs him...

                                   sandra
                   nathan, thank god, there you...

     suddenly seeing todd she breaks off, stares at him.

     squatting on the floor, surrounded by weapons, todd's eyes meet
     hers for a long moment...then he looks away, goes back to
     assembling the weapons with quick sure movements, almost as if he 
     wanted to avoid her eyes.

     sandra wets her lips to speak, hesitates, then finally blurts out
     what she can hardly bear to ask...

                                   sandra
                   did he find you?

     no answer.  todd finishes with the weapon, starts checking the
     next one.

                                   sandra
                   my husband...mace...he went out to
                   look for you.  he...found you,
                   didn't he?

     todd looks up at her and nods.  their eyes lock.

                                   sandra
                   they...killed him...didn't they?

     todd nods, turns back to his arsenal.

     sandra stands there, hugging nathan to her chest, holding her
     tears in, her lids quivering, fighting to conquer her emotion.
     after a long, difficult moment, she wins the battle with herself.
     she looks numb, stunned, but she's not crying.

     todd has begun to dress.  he straps a sheath knife to one ankle,
     pulls on boots.  then he pulls a jersey over his muscular torso, 
     covering all the old scars, the tattooed names of battles, and
     the tourniquet on his arm.

     staring at him with glazed eyes, sandra notices a blotch of blood
     form on the jersey, leaking through the tourniquet.  she speaks 
     numbly.

                                   sandra
                   your wound...it's still bleeding.

     stuffing his pockets with ammo and other items, todd glances at
     her with eyes that glitter dangerously.
                                   todd
                   i like to bleed, sir.

     sandra stares at him stupidly as he continues to dress, pulling
     on a heavy armored vest.

                                   sandra
                   it doesn't...hurt?

     todd pulls on a second armored vast, one that already has a
     ragged hole in it from a rocket.

                                   todd
                   not enough, sir.

     sandra watches him go to the heap of charred furniture in the
     corner and take a blackened stick from it, watches him smear
     charcoal under his eyes.

                                   sandra
                   how do you know they'll come back?

     todd looks at her, a savage with blackened eyes.

                                   todd
                   they're soldiers, sir.  like me.

                                   sandra
                   what...what do they want?

                                   todd
                   nothing.

                                   sandra
                   nothing?

                                   todd
                   they are obeying orders, sir.  it's
                   their duty.

     for a moment sandra is silent, then...

                                   sandra
                   you know who they are, don't you?
                   do you know how many there'll be?

     todd crosses two utility belts across his armored chest like 
     bandoliers.

                                   todd
                   seventeen more, sir.

                                   sandra
                   seventeen!  my god!
                         (suddenly energized)
                   you can't fight seventeen yourself!
                   you have to organize the rest of us,
                   show us what to do.  we don't have
                   your...your skills...but we're not
                   cowards.  we'll do what you tell us,
                   we'll --

                                   todd
                         (interrupting, softly)
                   no.

     his voice is soft as silk but hard as steel.  she looks into his
     eyes.  does she detect a hint of approval, of respect, in those
     flat expressionless snake eyes?

                                   sandra
                   why not?

     todd turns to go, laden with weapons, a flamethrower on his back,
     a rocket rifle on his shoulder, another in one hand.

                                   todd
                   soldiers deserve soldiers, sir.

                                   sandra
                   but...one soldier against seventeen!

     he looks back at her, right into her eyes this time.

                                   todd
                   i am going to kill them all, sir.

                                                       cut to:

