     int.  barracks - night

     silence.  darkness.  dim shapes in the darkness, hard to
     distinguish.

     rain beats on the roof monotonously, relentlessly.

     the room is alive with breathing.

     then we hear a muffled whoop from outside.

     the darkness is tense, the breathing changes rhythm.

     the rattle of the door breaks the quiet.

     the door swings open, a flashlight stabs the dark.

     a woman giggles:  sloan!

     the flashlight beams and wavers in the darkness, catching brief
     glimpses of the faces of the new soldiers.  their eyes glitter in
     the lurching beam, their faces are ghostly like vampires.

     rubrick switches on a dim overhead lamp as he and sloan (holding
     the flashlight) and church stagger drunkenly into the bunkhouse, 
     carrying a couple of half-empty bottles.

                                   sloan
                    hi, fellas.  at ease!

                                   rubrick
                    merry christmas, everybody.

     eyes riveted on the three officers, the new soldiers are
     unresponsive to christmas cheer.  in fact, they look almost
     angry, like big dangerous animals, as the three officers stagger 
     stupidly down the row of bunks, every eye following them.

                                   church
                    we brought you a little christmas
                    tree.

     church almost falls over as he places the tree on the floor

     as stone faces watch him without expression, rubrick waves a
     couple of bottles.

                                   rubrick
                    and some good cheer.

     sloan, giggling, does a provocative bump and grind.

                                   sloan
                    how about some christmas pussy,
                    guys?  anybody for a quick piece?

     the new soldiers don't react.  stone faces.
                                   rubrick
                         (smirking)
                    that's "conduct unbecoming," sloan.

                                   sloan
                    it's christmas!  haven't you heard
                    of piece on earth?  "piece on
                    earth," get it?

                                   church
                         (suddenly serious,
                          sober)
                    christ, i wish we were on earth.

     rubrick sets three bottles down and indicates them to the new
     soldiers.

                                   rubrick
                    eat, drink, and be merry, men.  for
                    tomorrow you go on patrol in the 
                    "hostile zone."

     rubrick burps stupidly as the new soldiers stare back at him from 
     their bunks, muscles bulging, eyes glittering, nothing but danger
     in their stone faces as we...

                                                       cut to:

