int.  power plant - close on man's body

floating in a womb-red amnion.

his body spasms, fighting against the thick gelatin.

metal tubes, surreal versions of hospital tubes, obscure
his face.  other lines like ivs are connected to limbs and
cover his genitals.

he is struggling desperately now.  air bubbles into the
jell-o but does not break the surface.

pressing up, the surface distends, stretching like a red
rubber cocoon.

unable to breathe, he fights wildly to stand, clawing at
the thinning elastic shroud --

until it ruptures, a hole widening around his mouth as he
sucks for air.  tearing himself free, he emerges from the
cell.

it is neo.

he is bald and naked, his body slick with gelatin.  dizzy,
nauseous, he waits for his vision to focus.

he is standing in an oval capsule of clear alloy filled
with red gelatin, the surface of which has solidified like
curdled milk.

the ivs in his arms are plugged into outlets that appear
to be grafted to his flesh.

he feels the weight of another cable and reaches to the
back of his head where he finds an enormous coaxial
plugged and locked into the base of his skull.

he tries to pull it out but it would be easier to pull off
a finger.

to either side he sees other tube-shaped pods filled with
red gelatin; beneath the wax-like surface, pale and
motionless, he sees other human beings.

fanning out in a circle, there are more.  all connected to
a center core,each capsule like a red, dimly-glowing petal
attached to a black metal stem.

above him, level after level, the stem rises seemingly
forever.  he moves to the foot of the capsule and looks
out.

the image assaults his mind.

towers of glowing petals spiral up to incomprehensible
heights, disappearing down into a dim murk like an
underwater abyss.

his sight is blurred and warped, exaggerating the
intensity of the vision.  the sound of the plant is like
the sound of the ocean heard from inside the belly of
leviathan.

from above, a machine drops directly in front of neo.  he
swallows his scream as it seems to stare at him.

it is almost insect-like in its design; beautiful housings
of alloyed metal covering organic-like systems of hard and
soft polymers.

the machine seizes hold of neo, paralyzing him as the
cable lock at the back of his neck spins and opens.

the cable disengages itself.  a long clear plastic needle
and cerebrum-chip slides from the anterior of neo's skull
with an ooze of blood and spinal fluid.  the other
connective hoses snap free and snake away as the machine
lets neo go.

suddenly, the back of the unit opens and a tremendous
vacuum, like an airplane door opening, sucks the gelatin
and then neo into a black hole.


