int.  subway station - day

agent smith grabs hold of him, lifting him into the air,
hurling him against the curved wall of the train tunnel,
where he falls inches from the electrified third-rail.

the agent is about to jump down and press his attack when
he hears something.  from deep in the tunnel, like an
animal cry; a burst of high-speed metal grinding against
metal.

the sound of an on-coming train.

neo tries to get up.  agent smith jumps down onto the
tracks and drop-kicks him in the face.

the world again begins to shake, rumbling as the train
nears.

                         agent smith
          do you hear that, mr. anderson?

agent smith grabs neo in a choke-hold forcing him to look
down the tracks, the train's headlight burning a hole in
the darkness.

                         agent smith
          that is the sound of inevitability.

neo sees it coming and he starts to fight.

                         agent smith
          it is the sound of your death.

there is another metal screech, much louder, closer, as
agent smith tightens his hold.  neo is unable to breathe.

                         agent smith
          good-bye, mr. anderson.

the train roars at them, swallowing agent smith's words.
the veins bulge in neo's head, as he grits through the
pain.

he is not ready to die.

                         neo
          my name is neo.

impossibly, he hurls himself straight up, smashing smith
against the concrete ceiling of the tunnel.

they fall as the sound and fury of the train explodes into
the station.

neo backflips up off the tracks just as --

the train barrels over agent smith.

neo stands, knees shaking, when the train slams on its
emergency brake.  with an ear-splitting shriek of tortured
rails, the train slows, part of it still in the station.

neo turns, limping, starting to run, racing for the
escalator --

as the train comes to a stop and the doors of the last car
open; agent smith bursts out in furious pursuit, his
glasses again intact.


