               ext. river - day

               comfortable with his nakedness, dunbar is meandering along 
               the stream in no particular hurry. he's very white. his skin 
               practically sparkles in the sun.

               dunbar is making his way up the bluff. the steepest part is 
               at the lip and here he drops to all fours.

               dunbar's face comes into view. he freezes.

               someone is creeping under the shade of the awning... an 
               aboriginal man.

               dunbar's head pops down behind the bluff.

               the lieutenant is down on his naked haunches. his heart is 
               pounding in his ears. sweat has broken out on his face. his 
               mouth is dry as ash.

               he's playing back images in fragments. a deerskin shirt, 
               strands of hair sewn along each sleeve. fringed leggins. a 
               dark, faded breechclout. moccasins with beading. a single, 
               large feather drooping behind a head of shiny, black hair. 
               braids wrapped in fur. a lethal stone club hanging from a 
               red hand. no eyebrows on a magnificent, primitive face.

               dunbar stays in a crouch, trying to think on jellied legs. 
               his breathing has quickened. his mouth is open.

               a horses' whinny startles him.

               ever so slowly, the lieutenant peers over the bluff.

               the aboriginal man is in the corral. he's walking slowly 
               toward cisco. one hand is held out reassuringly, the other 
               is grasping a rope. he's making gentle, cooing sounds and is 
               only a step or two from being able to loop his line over the 
               horse's neck.

                                     dunbar
                         you there!

               kicking bird jumps straight into the air. as he lands he 
               whirls to meet the voice that startled him.

               dunbar is coming. his hands are clenched and his arms are 
               swinging stiffly at his sides.

               kicking bird has turned to stone at the sight of this horror. 
               with a sharp intake of breath, he staggers back a few steps. 
               then he turns and runs, tearing through the corral fence as 
               if it were made of twigs. he leaps onto his horse and quirts 
               the pony into full gallop.

               dunbar is watching from the yard. his jaw is clenched, his 
               hands are still fisted.

               the great grassland is empty. kicking bird is gone.

