               ext. feasting fire - night

               all over camp people are crowding around fires, feasting on 
               fresh meat. children are playing everywhere, the dogs are 
               having a field day with scraps and the voices of the people 
               are happy.

               at a little distance, we see lieutenant dunbar and wind in 
               his hair excusing themselves from one of the fires. they 
               start toward us. wind in his hair is sucking on a rib bone 
               and seems to show no sign of slowing down his celebrating. 
               dunbar, following a couple paces behind, is a different story. 
               he's had it. he spreads his hands to indicate an over-sized 
               belly.

                                     dunbar
                         look i'm full... i can't tell the 
                         story again.

               wind in his hair doesn't seem to hear. he points at the 
               epaulettes on dunbar's tunic.

                                     dunbar
                         go ahead.

               wind in his hair reaches out and fingers the gold lieutenant's 
               bars. he fingers a couple of the brass buttons as well. the 
               tunic is something he obviously puts much store in.

                                     dunbar
                              (signing)
                         you want to try... put it on.

               he unbuttons the tunic.

                                     dunbar
                         here.

               he sloughs off the tunic and hands it over. wind in his hair 
               slips out of the magnificent bone-pipe breastplate he's 
               wearing and gives it to dunbar as he wriggles into the tunic. 
               the fit is too tight, the material too scratchy but those 
               things are of little consequence to wind in his hair. he 
               loves the tunic.

               with urging signs he asks the lieutenant to put on the 
               breastplate. dunbar slips it over his head and wind in his 
               hair helps him with the ties.

               now it's the lieutenant's turn to be amazed. the breastplate 
               as craftsmanship at its finest. he runs his fingers over the 
               ridges of bone now covering him from neck to waist. he looks 
               up at wind in his hair.

               the warrior nods approvingly, as though a good deal has heen 
               struck.

                                     dunbar
                         this is too much... i can't take 
                         this...

               but for wind in his hair it is already a trade.

               wind in his hair spots the next fireside and veers toward 
               it. dunbar holds him back.

                                     dunbar
                         i can't... no more...

               wind in his hair grins. he holds up a single finger.

                                     wind in his hair
                         one more... eat...

                                     dunbar
                         i can't, i'm full... very full...

               still holding up the finger, he guides dunbar into the 
               firelight of the next party.

               immediately, men jump up to greet the celebrities. women 
               begin to saw off more meat.

