               ext. temporary camp - night

               dunbar keeps to the shadows as he makes his way through camp. 
               now he slows his step.

               light from another fire is spilling into his path. there's 
               music too. and singing. the voices are high and feminine.

               dunbar peers around a lodge. a group of young women are 
               dancing in a clockwise circle. their steps are light-hearted. 
               this is dancing purely for the fun of it.

               one of the young women spots him standing behind the lodge 
               and there's a wave of shy giggling as news of "loo ten tant's" 
               presence is passed along. embarrassed, dunbar starts along 
               the fringe of the fires, nodding politely to the women as he 
               goes.

               one has more courage than the others. she breaks out, takes 
               his hand and steers him gently into the dance circle. whatever 
               resistance he might have is buried by the girl's insistent 
               encouragement. she keeps showing him the step and the 
               lieutenant tries to pick it up.

               the movement is simple and the music is mesmerizing. awkward 
               at first, dunbar quickly gets the hang of it. in short order, 
               he's keeping up with the others. and he's enjoying himself.

               soon he has relaxed enough to shut his eyes, carried along 
               by the eternal sound of the drums. he doesn't notice that 
               the circle has begun to shrink. there is a touch of the devil 
               in their eyes.

               he bumps into somebody and the woman behind bumps into him. 
               but the girls just laugh and so does dunbar. it was a pleasant 
               accident. but quickly there's another accident. and then all 
               their bodies are squeezing against his. the girls are 
               murmuring good things to him. their hands are touching him 
               everywhere.

               it's okay with dunbar. everybody's having a good time. the 
               drumming suddenly stops however, and the women scatter away 
               from the fire, leaving dunbar suddenly alone. kicking bird 
               is standing not far off.

                                     dunbar
                         they asked me to dance...

               the medicine man says nothing.

                                     dunbar
                         i was just dancing...

               the lieutenant does a step or two, trying to explain. finally, 
               that strange half-smile appears on kicking bird's face.

