               ext. prairie - day

               sioux hunters stream past him, every man for himself zeroing 
               in on targets.

               dunbar starts to dismount but something he sees stops him.

               a hundred yards away a small hunter is after a handful of 
               buffalo who have splintered off from the rest. it's smiles a 
               lot, trying to make a kill of his own. as dunbar watches, 
               the boy's inexperienced horse shies away and bucks, pitching 
               the kid to the ground.

               a big bull breaks away from the splinter group, lowers his 
               head and charges.

               dunbar kicks cisco into a run, spits a spare bullet from his 
               mouth and rams it into the chamber.

               smiles a lot is picking himself off the ground. the bull is 
               in full charge.

               dunbar is riding with his knees. both hands are holding the 
               rifle. he'll never make it to the boy in time. he's got to 
               make the shot. he squeezes the trigger.

               the bullet plows home, exploding the bull's heart. the big 
               buffalo's legs collapse but the momentum of his charge puts 
               him into a skid. he comes to rest only a few yards away from 
               smiles a lot.

               the boy stands as the lieutenant rides up. smiles a lot is 
               dazed but he's okay.

               dunbar hops off next to the dead buffalo. he's a huge one, a 
               real grandfather and the lieutenant loses himself for a few 
               moments in contemplation of this tremendous kill. now he 
               looks back to check the boy.

               smiles a lot has caught his pony and is racing away from the 
               scene of his humiliation.

               the sounds of approaching riders turns dunbar's attention in 
               a different direction.

               the entire village is streaming onto the plains for the 
               butchering.

               the riders bearing down on him are being lead by wind in his 
               hair.

               wind in his hair jumps off his pony and, smiling broadly, 
               slaps dunbar's back with a good-natured blow of 
               congratulations.

