               ext. prairie - day

               four fantastic faces fill the screen, three together, one a 
               little apart. they are tired, frustrated faces, and also 
               very fierce. they are painted. several wear their hair in 
               spiked roaches, one has brightly-colored eagle feathers 
               jutting out of his scalp at all angles. the four warriors 
               are naked from the waist up.

               they are pawnee, the scariest of all the plains tribes. the 
               man a little apart looks the toughest. the four men are 
               squatting on their haunches and four scrawny ponies stand 
               behind them. all the men are staring in the same direction 
               from a low rise on the prairie.

               it's smoke, a column much smaller than dunbar's. the smoke 
               is drifting up from the furthest of a line of rolling gullies.

               we can see the whole indian party now: the four men and their 
               ponies, two injured men on travois and two extra ponies.

               (please note: all indian dialogue will be in native dialect 
               as indicated by tribe. subtitles will be used.)

                                     the toughest
                         only a white man would make a fire 
                         for everyone to see.

                                     1st pawnee
                         maybe there's more than one.

               the toughest turns back to face the others. without another 
               word, he jumps on his horse. another silence as the three 
               warriors consider what to do.

                                     2nd pawnee
                         we have no rifles. white men are 
                         sure to have rifles.

                                     3rd pawnee
                         we should forget this and go home.

               the toughest has listened all the while, growing more and 
               more disgusted. he pulls the blanket from his shoulders and 
               flings it angrily at his companions.

                                     toughest
                         then go. i for one, will not debate 
                         the merit of a single line of smoke 
                         in my own country.

               he starts his pony walking down the rise toward the smoke.

                                     1st pawnee
                              (shaking his head)
                         he will not quit until we are all 
                         dead.

               the third pawnee starts after the toughest. the other two 
               follow.

