               ext. prairie - day (flashback)

               a little girl of seven, christine, is lying in the grass of 
               a sod roof. next to her is ten year-old willie. they are 
               planning their wedding and staring up at the sky.

               like many youngsters she's not eager to heed the persistent 
               call of her mother.

                                     mother (o.s.)
                         christine... where are you?

               reluctantly, the little girl gets up and looks over the edge 
               of the roof to see her mother holding yet another child. she 
               seems anxious.

                                     christine
                         i'm right here mother...

                                     mother
                         get inside both of you.

                                     christine
                         why?

                                     mother
                         just do what i... oh god! stay where 
                         you are. keep down do you hear me?

               four pawnee are riding up in the background. two men are 
               moving out to meet them.

                                     christine
                         who is it willie?

               willie is peeking over the edge of the roof. an old muzzle-
               loading rifle is by his side. he whispers to her.

                                     willie
                         they look like pawnee... my father 
                         and your father are talking to them.

               down in the yard, out beyond a rough table set with the 
               leavings of a sunday dinner, two white men on foot are talking 
               to the four mounted pawnee warriors.

               it's an argument. as a baby cries somewhere inside the house 
               the two white men sign the indians to go away. the pawnee 
               make no move to go however, and with their patience at an 
               end, the two white men turn back to the house.

               one of the warriors brings his hatchet down and nails a white 
               man between the shoulder blades. the injured man grunts and 
               hops sideways. the other runs for the house but is cut down 
               by arrows.

               women begin to scream.

               willie is scooting down the roof, his face white with fear.

                                     willie
                         run christine...

                                     christine
                         why?

                                     willie
                         just run!

               he gives her a hard shove which sends her rolling down the 
               roof.

                                     willie
                         run!

               christine runs past the point where the roof meets the natural 
               hillside and down into the draw. she's running toward us. in 
               the background we can see willie on the edge of the roof, 
               aiming his squirrel gun into the yard. he fires once, then 
               grasping the gun like a club, he leaps off the roof and 
               disappears.

               christine never looks back. she runs up the draw as fast as 
               her skinny young legs can carry her.

