               ext. dances with wolves' lodge - day

               kicking bird is leading the wedding party. stands with a 
               fist by his side. she glows with the special beauty of a 
               bride.

               many people are standing about quietly, more like simple 
               observers than participants. the whole village is as peaceful 
               as we will ever see it.

               kicking bird steps forward, his wife and stands with a fist 
               following in his footsteps.

                                     kicking bird
                         this is a good day for me.

                                     dances with wolves
                         and for me.

                                     kicking bird
                         stands with a fist... if you want 
                         this man, take his hand in yours.

               shyly, she holds out a slender, graceful hand. dances with 
               wolves meets it with one of his own.

               the medicine man looks dances with wolves in the eyes for 
               several seconds.

               dances with wolves also begins to speak... internally. at 
               first the volume of his voice and that of the medicine man 
               are nearly equal, but kicking bird's voice quickly begins to 
               fade.

                                     dances with wolves (v.o.)
                         i had never been married before. i 
                         don't know if all grooms have the 
                         same experience. but as kicking bird 
                         began to speak about what was expected 
                         of a sioux husband, my mind began to 
                         swim in a way that shut out everything 
                         but her. the tiny details of her 
                         costume. the contours of her shape. 
                         the light in her eyes. the smallness 
                         of her feet. i knew that the love 
                         between us would be served.

               the medicine man's voice cuts back in. he's had to say it 
               twice.

                                     kicking bird
                         have you heard all that i have said?

                                     dances with wolves
                         yes.

                                     kicking bird
                         good, then take her inside... she is 
                         your wife.

                                     dances with wolves
                         oh... good... thank you... goodbye...

               the newlyweds disappear into their new home. the flap is 
               dropped and there it stays. the light begins to change, 
               growing darker, the wind comes up, blowing leaves against 
               the door. in the distance there is thunder.

