               int. field hospital tent - day

               a black screen.

               the sound of a knife cutting through boot leather.

               fade in on the waists of two men (the surgeons) hovering 
               around a crude operating table.

               in the extreme background, two stretcher bearers are just 
               leaving.

                                     surgeon 1 (o.s.)
                         is this the last one?

               one of the bearers stops and looks back. his face is numb. 
               and he nods hollowly.

               we cannot see the patient stretched out on the table. but we 
               do see that the first surgeon has succeeded in getting the 
               man's boot off.

                                     surgeon 2 (o.s.)
                         god, what a mess... at least there's 
                         no gangrene.

                                     surgeon 1 (o.s.)
                         there will be if it doesn't come 
                         off.

                                     surgeon 2 (o.s.)
                         well i can't saw if i can't keep my 
                         eyes open.  let's coffee up... he 
                         can wait a few more minutes.

               as the two surgeons duck through a tent flap in the background 
               we see a mangled foot, torn by shrapnel, it oozes blood from 
               a cut clear to the bone.

               lieutenant john j. dunbar's eyes are now open. he's a young 
               man, his features sharp and handsome. with effort, he lifts 
               his head and searches the room.

               his eyes come to rest on the form of a legless man lying in 
               bloodsoaked sheets. he's whimpering like a child.

               dunbar comes to a sitting position on the operating table. 
               as his eyes move around the room they come to rest on a crate 
               filled with the boots of men who have lost their legs.

               a cane travels through space and deftly hooks one of the 
               boots.

               lieutenant dunbar brings the boot onto the operating table. 
               he tries to pull it on his mangled foot, but the pain makes 
               him cry out. deliberately he breaks the cane and sticks a 
               piece of it between his teeth.

               tears of pain are rolling down his face. a sweat has broken 
               out on his forehead and with great determination he pulls 
               the boot on.

