ext. beach dock - day

now, men in "fbi" windbreakers haul pasqual away, two of
them carefully handling the certs-explosive. a harmless
fellow pushes his way past them and onto the dock.

it's john bosley, charlie's lieutenant.
                                                (continued)

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                                 6.

continued:

he reaches the boat, which natalie ties off while alex
and dylan neatly fold their parachutes.

                           bosley
             well, angels, the experimental
             explosives are back in the hands of
             the government, and the free world
             can breathe just a lit-tle bit
             easier tonight, thanks to you three.

alex, natalie and dylan stroll from the dock onto the sand,
each starting to unzip/unbutton/unsnap their action gear and
hand it to bosley as they continue walking.

                           natalie
             and thanks to you, too, bos.

                           alex
             we couldn't have redirected the
             flight path without your help.

bosley puffs, proud. he speaks over the ever-growing
pile of chutes, body suits, goggles, the dashiki...

                           bosley
             nothing a little teamwork can't do.
             at least, that's what charlie's
             always telling us, right ladies?

                           dylan
             charlie will be joining us, won't he?

                           bosley
             he sends his regrets. but he
             wanted you to know that dinner is
             on him, so feel free to celebrate.

by now, the angels have stripped off all of their
equipment, revealing eye-popping evening gowns.

                           alex
             if it's on charlie, we will.

the angels share a laugh as they arrive in their sassy
duds at a private beach club, where a waiter greets them
with a tray of champagne flutes.

they each take a glass, turn to each other and raise
them. another angels mystery... case closed.

freeze frame.    and the title sequence begins...

                           charlie (v.o.)
             once upon a time...

                                                   (continued)

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                               7.

continued:

three fourth grade school photos fill the frame, side by
side by side. these are three very different girls.

natalie, with a page-boy cut and wearing a catholic
schoolgirl's uniform, sports glasses and braces; a bit
awkward and gangly, even shy.

alex, formally dressed with perfect pig-tails, is
sophisticated and self-possessed; a class act, even at ten.

dylan, wild blond hair and faded t-shirt, has a jaded,
street-wise smirk; even at this young age, her isolation
and disillusionment are masked by seeming confidence.

                           charlie (cont'd)
             ... there were three very
             different little girls.

the triptych remains on screen.    now it shifts into:

video tape - the three girls (still in triptych)

now teenagers, on home video.

natalie, working the a-v equipment at school, hides her
face in embarrassment, uncomfortable with the camera.
freeze.

alex, in riding gear, accepting her steeple-chase trophy.
she knows where to look for the camera. freeze.

dylan, smoking with her tough-girl friends in the girls'
room of her reform school, is caught on camera. she
flips it off. freeze.

                           charlie (cont'd)
             who grew up into three very
             different women.

triptych continues

they're all women now, in their early twenties.

natalie, a research fellow at mit (and beautiful, but not
flaunting it) demonstrates a chess-playing computer
program to a room of impressed advisors.

alex, valedictorian at oxford, passionately delivers her
address to a crowd of rapt students, faculty and parents.

dylan, in leather and a helmet, steps off a harley. she
sees a punk with a mohawk slapping around his girlfriend.
she decks him, then enters the back door of a seedy punk bar.

                           charlie (cont'd)
             with three things in common...

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                              8.

triptych ends

with photographs again. the women, as they are now:
natalie, alex, dylan. all gorgeous, all self-assured.

                         charlie (cont'd)
           they're brilliant. they're
           beautiful. and they work for me.

now, fireball explosions completely fill the screen.

                         charlie (cont'd)
           my name is charlie.

angel silhouettes appear, in flames.    new music kicks in.

                        "charlie's angels"

...and a new title sequence takes over:

various shots:   montage (over music)

credits continue as we watch the angels in action (from,
presumably, previous adventures...)

-- a microscope-peering natalie cuts a ruby, drops it in
a laser housing, shoots a red beam.

--   dylan, wielding kendo sticks, spars with two yakzuza.

-- alex side-kicks two baddies, spins, drops a third.
zoom back: she is at the parthenon.

-- a motocross race. natalie digs in for the finish,
attacking the last jump with gusto.

-- dylan, in traditional islamic robes, finds a secret
switch. she pushes back a bookcase to reveal secret stairs.

-- at a ballroom dance competition, alex wows the crowd
while keeping her eye on a nefarious couple.

-- bosley, as "luka, the bad ass pimp," bitch-slaps a
couple of "ho's" -- actually dylan and alex -- then winks
at them as unsuspecting drug dealers back off, scared.

--   natalie bites into a messy hot-dog, has to just laugh.

-- the three angels elbow their way through a roller-
derby match.

-- in orange prison jumpsuits, alex and dylan work in
female chain-gang.

-- window-washer natalie peers into a skyscraper office,
surreptitiously photographing the meeting inside.

                                                (continued)

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                              9.

continued:

-- on an italian street, the three angels buy a paper,
grin at the headline, "mystery women save european
union." as they high-five, dylan's cone of gelato drops
to the sidewalk. the angels look at it, look at each
other...and just have to laugh.

title sequence ends.

over black we hear a digital ring...

