int. industrial laundry room

thunderously loud, with industrial washers and dryers operating
at full tilt. natalie and dylan are just entering when

three shots

ring out.    they dive for cover behind a massive washer
assembly.

                           natalie
             there are times i wish we carried
             guns.

                           dylan
             where's the challenge in that?

angle on the thin man, planning his next move. with no
good shot at the angels, he aims high, both guns blazing.
he shots out the pipes over their heads, sending down a
cascade of hot water.

dylan and natalie scramble back to avoid getting scalded.

other pipes shatter from the change in pressure, leading
to an interior thunderstorm. steam fills the room as an
inch of water grows on the floor.

natalie and dylan push rolling laundry carts in the thin
man's direction. he shoots at them, but quickly realizes
they're just trying to waste his bullets.

holstering one of his guns, he dials his cell phone.
                                              (continued)

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                                    29.

continued:

on the far wall, natalie switches on the overhead hooks,
which circle on a wire like a ski lift. the thin man
looks up, distracted, not noticing --

dylan

as she creeps up behind the cover of the rolling laundry
carts. she's succeeded in circling behind the thin man
as he talks on the phone.

she clears her throat.      the thin man turns.   she kicks
him in the jaw.

knocked back, he drops the phone, which cracks and slips
under a washing machine.

he crab-walks back, then suddenly springs back to his feet.
we weren't expecting that kind of ninja move out of this guy.

he turns to see

natalie

right behind him. with a coiled towel, she grabs his gun
arm and expertly flips him. but he reacts smoothly, rolling
over to charge at natalie, picking her up like a sack of
potatoes. as he does, he grabs her right in the tit.

                             natalie
             hey!    hands off, assh....

before she can finish her sentence, the thin man throws
natalie at dylan, knocking them both down. he jumps up,
and with a single motion grabs an overhead pipe and kicks
another, releasing a wall of steam -- we can't see a thing.

by the time the fog clears, the thin man is long gone.

                           natalie
             okay, to summarize? damn.

lying down in the water, dylan reaches under the washer
to fish out the thin man's busted cell phone.

