int. virgin air 747 - day

we move through the first class cabin. it's the regular
mix of first class people: old money in gucci enjoying
freshly baked cookies, a millionaire in jeans and a t-
shirt, business people relaxing after a tough day, and...

...a very nervous man.

shifty-eyed. alone in an aisle seat, the emergency row.
we hold on him for a moment, but not for too long. then
we continue moving into --

the coach section

stopping at the lavatory, the "occupied" sign switches to
"vacant" and...

james earl jones

(or actually, a james earl jones type, who for ease of
description, we'll simply refer to as james earl jones)
steps out of the restroom, in full african regalia:
multi-colored dashiki, mufti (it's a kind of hat), the
works. he heads up the aisle towards --

the first class cabin

where he is stopped by a --

                         flight attendant
           i'm sorry, sir. this cabin is
           restricted to first cl...

mr. jones now removes a first class ticket.

                         james earl jones
           is this what you're looking for?

she looks at it -- a little confused as to why he's just
handing it to her now -- but then she nods. as he passes:

                         flight attendant
           oh, i'm sorry. please. is there
           anything i can get you?

                         james earl jones
           scotch, blended. straight.

he continues into the first class cabin and toward --

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                              2.

the first class emergency room

where he slides in past the nervous, shifty-eyed man (his
name is pasqual) and sits by the window.

after a moment, pasqual quietly clears his throat and
leans, slightly, towards jones.

                        pasqual
                 (tentatively)
          they say birds can't fly this high.

                        james earl jones
          they say only angels can.

now pasqual nods. nervously begins to remove something
from his pocket when they are interrupted by --

                        flight attendant
          shall i pour your scotch?

                        james earl jones
          no -- i'll take the bottle. thank you.

she hands him the airplane-sized bottle -- he waves off
the glass. she shrugs, leaving...

pasqual to resume what he was doing. slowly, he removes
a roll of certs. he looks to jones -- "well? what about
your end of the bargain?"

from within his dashiki, jones pulls out a black velvet
pouch. he hands it to pasqual, who opens it to find
diamonds. a helluva lot of diamonds. pasqual smiles.

he hands the roll of certs to jones. it's not breath
candy at all, but a tiny roll of explosives, with a tiny,
high-tech triggering mechanism.

                        james earl jones
          ah, c-5. the most dangerous
          explosive material ever invented.
          hard to believe that this little
          contraption could blow up ten city
          blocks.

                        pasqual
          be careful with it, huh?

both men smile.   pasqual's very relieved that the deal is
done.

then suddenly, the lights blink out.

pasqual looks around, nervous. but it's just the in-
flight movie beginning. clouds, and a woman holding a
torch.
                                             (continued)

charlie's angels - 8/18/99                              3.

continued:

columbia pictures presents... david spade and adam
sandler in "bosom buddies: the movie."

james earl jones shakes his head, rolls his eyes.

                           james earl jones
             another movie from an old tv show?

                           pasqual
             well, what're you gonna do?

                               james earl jones
             walk out.

                           pasqual
             that's very funny.

but james earl jones is dead serious.

                               james earl jones
             no.   it isn't.

jones grabs pascal in a headlock and turns toward the
back of the plane, shouting:

                            james earl jones (cont'd)
             everyone!   fasten your seat belts!

now jones does the unthinkable. holding pasqual tight,
he yanks open the emergency door release.

with a rush, the cabin decompresses.

panic erupts as air, paper and everything not belted in
screams out of the open door, including --

