     int. crain's secret study - day

     nell sits in silence, trying to find a feeling, any feeling.  a long
     beat.  and without warning she leaps to her feet in shocking rage.

                               nell
                   how can he think i'm doing this!

     she has a floor lamp in her hands, and hurls it like a throwing 
     hammer at the nearest shelves.  vases, knickknacks and a leather 
     album crash to the floor.

     she stalks around the room, and then slows, staring at what she's
     done, the rage draining out of her.  but if she could do something 
     like that...

                               nell (cont'd)
                   no.  no, i couldn't do those 
                   things: i'm not making it up.

     she turns in place, desperate... and sees the old leather album
     precariously tilting on one of the sprung shelves.  it's open.  one 
     of the leaves flips over on its own, gravity and the weight of its 
     own pages turning it.

     nell approaches, stepping over broken ceramic.  slip.  another page
     turns.

     nell hovers over it, holding her breath so as not to make the book
     flip over and fall off the shelf in one instant.

     slip.  another page turns.  the book is a photo album of the late
     nineteenth century, bound with ribbons, the aged daguerreotypes in
     pressed vellum frames.

     nell peers closer.  it's open to a faded, gray image taken long 
     before it became the convention to smile for a photograph: a woman, 
     rene crain, sitting in a chair.

     and standing behind the chair, a fearsome presence in a black coat,
     his face hollow, malevolent.  hugh crain.

     nell shivers, and slip, the page turns on its own.

     an image of hugh and rene, a look of deathly loss on their faces.  
     the page flips.

     crain hovers, dark, rage just under the surface, but on rene's face 
     is the faintest, most inappropriate smile.  it sends a chill through 
     nell.

     the album begins to slide down the shelf, and as it does, pages 
     flip, rene's smile grows wider, her hair dishevelled, her eyes lit 
     with grinning insanity...

     nell grabs the book just as it falls from the shelf.

     it is open in her hands to a picture of crain, alone, in front of 
     the enormous fireplace in the great hall.  rene is gone.  the photo 
     is monstrous.  nell, fearful, turns the page --

     -- and reacts to the last thing she expected.  a picture of a lovely
     woman filled with grace and power.  carolyn crain.  posed.  on a 
     settee before the fireplace.  beautiful beyond words.  smiling.  
     ahead of her time.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   his second wife.  there was a 
                   second wife?  carolyn.

     it warms nell.

     she turns the page.  now crain is there beside carolyn.  but there 
     is something different about him.  less frightening.

     nell flips the page again, and now there is an image of crain and
     carolyn.  her hair is up in a french twist.  nell smiles more.

     nell turns the page yet again.

     but something is wrong.  it is another image of carolyn and the
     kinder, gentler crain, but now it is carolyn who is unsmiling.

     another page.  another.  carolyn's face darkening.  and in this 
     picture, carolyn's stomach is slightly distended.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   she was pregnant.

     nell turns pages faster and faster, and as she does, carolyn swells
     pregnant before our eyes in ragged animation, mouth working as if to
     speak, voiceless as it is... eleanor.

     nell fumbles the book onto the floor.  it stares up at her, open to 
     the last page.

     it is an image of carolyn.  betrayal.  hell.  knowledge.  her hand 
     seems to be pointing at the gaping maw of the grand fireplace.

     nell bolts from the room.

