     int. nell's bathroom - night

     screaming, nell spins the tub faucets on full blast, sticks her feet
     into the spray.

                               theo (oc)
                   nell?  nell!

     weeping, nell scrubs the gore off her feet -- red, black like old
     clotted blood.

                               nell
                   who is doing this to me?

     the door to theo's bedroom is shut.  the handle rattles, urgent, but 
     it won't open.  it's locked.

                               theo (oc)
                   nell, what's wrong?  what's wrong?

     the blood or whatever it is on nell's feet comes off, is sucked down
     the drain.

                               theo (oc) (cont'd)
                   nell, it's locked, let me in!

     nell, squatting in the tub, sobs as her feet come clean, and there 
     are no wounds.  theo rattles the door.

                               theo (oc)
                   nell, the door is locked.  open 
                   it.

     nell rises, steps out of the tub, and looking like she could kill,
     moves for theo's door.

     she grabs the handle but realizes what theo has been trying to tell
     her all along: it's locked.  perplexed, nell finds the key in the 
     hole, and turns it.

     the door rams open, theo behind it, terrified and clearly just 
     awoken.

                               theo (cont'd)
                   nell...

     nell stares at her, hair tangled, tear-stained, doubtful.  water
     splashes in the tub, faucets still running.

     the lights flicker as one in the connecting rooms.  theo has time to
     look up at the bulb in the bathroom, and they all go out.  darkness
     swallows them up.  stray moonlight reflecting in the mirror 
     silhouettes them standing there.

                               theo (cont'd)
                   nell, the tub!

     nell stoops in the darkness and the faucets squeak shut.  theo bumps
     her way out of the room.  nell moves to the doorway following her
     into --

