     int. theo's room - night

     -- theo's room.  theo's form moves by her bed, and with a snick, her
     cigarette lighter lights up.  theo holds it above her head, its tiny
     orange flame glistening off polished wood in the shadows.  nell 
     steps toward her.

     drip.  drip.  from the bathroom.  theo's eyes widen?

                               theo
                   oh, god, your breath...

     and sweeping over them a shock of cold.  their breath.

     nell shakes her head: don't say anything.  nell turns around, the
     darkness almost impenetrable.  shapes, alien, threatening, at the 
     very edge of light -- anyone could be some... thing.  drip.  drip.

                               theo (cont'd)
                   it's here.

     nell looks down at theo's bed, then at theo who moves closer to 
     nell.  nell gives the bed a wide berth.  together they back toward 
     the wall with the fireplace.

     they stare out at us, eyes trying to adjust, afraid.  behind them 
     looms the fireplace and in front of it, a metal cage-like fire 
     screen.  a beat.

     bam!  something lunges out of the fireplace but is caught in the
     screen, hitting nell and theo in the back.

     theo's lighter goes flying in that very instant, and we never see
     what's hit the screen.  neither do they.  theo falls screaming.  
     nell manages to whirl, embrace the cage and slam it with whatever's 
     inside back into the fireplace.  the screen jolts hard enough to 
     lift nell.

                               nell
                   help!

     theo still screaming, lying on her back before the fireplace, rams 
     her feet against it.  the screen hammers at nell and theo.  they 
     can't run or it'll get out.

     theo's screaming is suddenly drowned out by a horrifying, inhuman
     sound from inside the fireplace.

     theo's scream goes dead in breath-stealing horror.  nell recovers.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   no!  go away!

     the screen punches out at them, denting.  and then all the air in 
     the room seems to be sucked into the fireplace in one thump.  the 
     door to the bathroom slams.

     it's gone.  they sit there in the darkness, panting.

