     int. great hall - day

     close on the complex puzzle of a field-cognition test.  nell 
     scratches solutions, erases, and finally looks up in frustration.  
     she sits alone, tiny, in the murk of the vast vaulted great hall.  
     the enormous chimney occupies half the wall on one side of the room.

     clusters of furniture -- overwrought chairs with animal heads, 
     splay-footed coffee tables, limbed lamps -- huddle in strange, 
     silent covens throughout.  nell, in a plush chair, lays the work on 
     a table beside her.  the clatter of stone on stone makes nell look 
     up.

     the fireplace looms just beyond her cluster of chairs, large enough
     for a man to stand in.  a piece of mortar must have come loose.  
     nell stares at the chimney.  and a voice lets out a loud groan.

     nell jumps.  she pops out of the chair.  it came from another circle 
     of furniture in the shadows.  a figure stands and comes over.  it's 
     luke, stretching.

                               luke (cont'd)
                   i've been thinking about these 
                   carvings.  kids.  lots of kids.  
                   fat little angel kids.  wild kids.  
                   kids with furry animals.

                               nell
                   the children.  the children hugh 
                   crain built the house for.  the 
                   children he never had.

                               luke
                   come on.  these are the typically 
                   sentimental gestures of a depraved 
                   industrialist.

     he puts his hand on a chair, the back of which is heavily carved in
     the motif he just described.

     nell turns him an appalled look.

                               luke (cont'd)
                   theo was working in the dining 
                   room.  she's probably done by now.  
                   you finish?

                               nell
                   couldn't get the last ones.  you?

                               luke
                   i did okay.

     nell looks at the test, tries to digest this.

                               luke (cont'd)
                   we could do this stuff anywhere.  
                   i don't know what he's up to yet.  
                   but like i said, that's the fun.  
                   it has something to do with this 
                   environment.

     luke just smiles, rises.  we'll see.

     he walks off, his footsteps echoing in the vast room.  the door 
     shuts after him.

     nell sags in her chair.  then something catches her eye.  on a table
     opposite, a set of keys.  nell goes, picks them up.  car keys, house
     keys.  must be luke's.  she pockets them, thoughtful, but just as 
     she does --

     -- something moves in the fireplace.  so fleeting nell can barely 
     see it, and we only catch a frame of it.  but the iron mesh curtain 
     hanging in front of the hearth is still swaying.

     nell stands there frozen.  the massive fireplace looms before her, 
     like a monstrous mouth, black as pitch beyond the black metal 
     curtains.

     the swaying metal scrapes over brick floor.  its eerie, repetitive
     screep cutting to the nerve.

     nell sits paralyzed, rooted to the chair.  screep.  screep.  screep.

     a single strand of nell's hair stirs toward the fireplace, and --

     -- something inside the fireplace moves behind the mesh!

     nell crashes back over her chair, knocking over a lamp and table,
     tripping, stumbling out of the furniture.

     holy shit.  whatever moved in there was real.  big, dark, like
     something's head.  it goes out of focus and we can't see it as we
     follow --

     -- nell flying away, across the room in headlong terror.

