     int. dining room - night

     luke's first barging into the kitchen.  big windows all along the 
     wall.  huge windows.  marrow follows him in, luke's fear turning 
     into a vicious smile as he sees the towering windows.

     nell and theo are right behind in time to see luke and marrow 
     scooping up a table and chair respectively.

                               luke
                   watch out!

     the men rush the same window, side-by-side, and let the heavy pieces
     of furniture fly from ten feet.

     the window shatters, dozens of panes blown out into the darkness
     beyond.  but the metal lattice remains, the chair's legs stuck in 
     it.

     marrow and luke pause, taken back a beat.  they hustle over to it.  
     theo and nell stand a few feet back.

     luke grabs the chair, levers it, tries to pry open the metal.  
     marrow reaches through, knocking loose glass, trying to find some 
     sort of handle on the other side.

                               theo
                   hurry!

     theo watches the door behind them.  luke pries at the inch of metal
     between him and freedom.  it won't break.

                               marrow
                   they don't open!

     marrow slips on the broken glass and catches hold of the lattice
     lacerating his ring and little finger.  with a cry of pain, he lands 
     on the floor.

                               marrow (cont'd)
                   oh jesus my hand.

     nell and theo fall to the floor to help him.  marrow moans, and nell
     grips his injured hand in hers.  fast, like she was born a trauma
     doctor, nell clamps off the blood with her fingers.

                               nell
                   give me your shoelace.

     marrow tugs at his shoe, in shock, and looks at nell.  she's calm.
     terrifyingly calm.  and in that moment, he realizes she's not out of
     her mind.  she just understands things beyond what he could possible
     begin to understand.

                               marrow
                   what'll happen to us, nell?

                               nell
                   nothing, if you leave right now.  
                   there's a war going on all around 
                   us.  don't get in the way, please.

     nell cinches the shoelace tight around his wrist.

     luke throws down the chair, giving up on the window.

                               luke
                   shit!  all right, you 
                   sonofabitch...

     as he looks up at another one of crain's painting hanging on the 
     wall.  nell theo with marrow straggle toward the great hall.

