     int. great hall - night

     luke looks at them helplessly.  an awful, impending beat.  without
     warning, the huge persian carpet he's standing on jerks out from 
     under him.  luke falls on his stomach.

     stunned, luke looks straight into nell's eyes.  then the carpet 
     slides fast for the fireplace.  it whips up to the hearth and sends 
     luke flying through the chain curtains.

     the others are speechless.  they can do nothing but watch as luke 
     lays there on the ashdrop.  a long moment.

                               nell
                          (to the house, to
                           crain)
                   no!  no!  let them go!

     she knows what is going to happen, is powerless to prevent it.  luke
     stands up, has time to give her a look.

     and then the lion's head flue drops open behind him.  luke looks 
     back into its iron eyes --

     -- and with shocking speed the flue snaps shut again, taking luke's
     head off his body.

     the decapitated corpse falls back in the fireplace like a puppet 
     with its strings cut.

     nell, marrow and theo stand there.  not sure of what just happened,
     their minds unable to accept it.

     a sound comes up in theo's throat.  a sob.  a horrified whimper.  
     marrow and nell stand there speechless.  it's as if saying the 
     obvious will make it real:

                               marrow
                   luke.

     bang.  the blood-splattered lion's head drops open.  luke's head 
     falls out.

     theo screams and screams again.  nell backs away with marrow, almost
     has the presence of mind to drag them away, but --

     -- clang!  the ash drop opens.  the sudden sound stops them in their
     tracks.

     as they watch, it's as if the house inhales.  and boom!

     out of the ash drop explodes a hail of bones, skulls, flying ash.

     nell, theo and marrow back up toward the grand staircase as tons of
     incinerated human remains vomit from the fireplace, blasting across
     the floor, knocking over furniture with shocking violence.  skulls
     bounce over wood.  hundreds of them.

     theo and marrow cover their faces as shattered bits of bone, loose
     teeth pelt them.  nell is immune.

     they run up the grand staircase toward the top and finally it can't
     reach them anymore.

