     int. mezzanine - night

     they look out at the full scope of crain's horror.

                               theo
                   oh god, we can't get out!

                               marrow
                   nell, what do we do?

                               nell
                   he played hide and seek with the 
                   children.  that's how he built the 
                   house.

     marrow stares at her, trembling.  he glances around at the winding
     labyrinth of house.  impossible.

                               marrow
                   we can't hide in here!  we won't 
                   make it til morning.

     nell looks at him, pitying.  infinitely sad, but guarding them.

                               nell
                   i know.

     behind them the huge painting of hugh crain in a golden frame with
     sharp metal spikes, looks down at them.  the room inhales and 
     exhales, the bumping sound resumes.  a rumble runs through the house 
     and they all look down in fear toward the great hall where a cloud 
     of ashes still hangs in the air.

     unseen by them, this rumble start to shake the painting behind them.
     the sound from the great hall makes marrow and theo back up more, 
     but nell doesn't move... she senses something is about to happen and 
     she will fight it...

     she suddenly turns and sees the painting... in a flash she reaches 
     out for marrow and theo, pull them out of the way as the giant 
     painting with the huge skull, falls face down toward them.  it 
     misses them by a hair, but their clothes are shredded by the spikes.

     marrow and theo are-shocked as they back up right toward the griffin
     on top of the staircase.

     for a split second the brass griffin right behind them, comes alive,
     opens it's fangs and claws and is ready to attack... but nell sees 
     the danger, grabs a human bone and batters the griffin.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   no, no, you leave them alone!

     and the griffin turns back into brass.  marrow and theo unaware of 
     what happened behind them.  they have to get out of there.

