     int. dining room - day

     lunch remains are on the table as nell enters, test papers in hand.

                               nell
                   jim?  i'm done.

     but marrow isn't there.  she's about to go back out to look for him,
     but sees something and stops.

     forgotten by a reading chair to one side of the room.  barely 
     visible.  marrow's briefcase.  nell goes to the briefcase, knowing 
     she shouldn't look, and unable to help herself.  marrow's digital 
     recorder glints out at her.

     nell takes it out, and presses play.  she looks up at the door.  any
     minute he could come back in here... and then marrow's voice rings 
     out.

                               marrow (v.o.)
                   ...the hallway discussion about 
                   last night's fireplace incident 
                   concluded at three a.m.  nell 
                   continues her alienation of the 
                   other subjects and the 
                   experimenter.  it remains unclear 
                   whether she truly believes she did 
                   not deface the painting.  
                   interview with the subject in 
                   greenhouse yesterday to ascertain 
                   the extent of her self-delusion 
                   was inconclusive due to her 
                   efforts to sexualize encounter 
                   with experimenter.

     marrow's voice continues on in his assessment, but nell isn't 
     hearing anything anymore.

     she dies inside.  her world upside down.  she falls into a chair, 
     and all we can hear of marrow is the cold, analytical tone, his 
     garbled jargon.

                               marrow (oc)
                   one minute!

     it's marrow, for real, about to enter.  nell clicks off the 
     recorder, drops it into the briefcase.  marrow is startled, not 
     expecting nell to be sitting right next to his papers and briefcase.

                               marrow (cont'd)
                   nell.

     she can only stare at him, eyes dead.  marrow looks from her to the
     briefcase and back.

                               marrow (cont'd)
                   were you looking for me?

     nell can't answer.  marrow comes over, unsettled.

                               marrow (cont'd)
                   how are the tests going?

     nell rises, staring, emotionless.  betrayal just beginning to find a
     hold.  she hands him her papers.  marrow looks at nell, knows she's 
     been in his briefcase.  he picks it up, and with a final, sorry 
     glance, exits.

