     int. crain's secret study - day

     down the circular stairs nell enters a very small dusty room.  
     velvet curtains drawn shut, only a sliver of sunlight showing 
     through.  as her eyes adjust, she makes out the furnishings of a 
     late-nineteenth century office, crain's secret office.

     the bookcases filled with business ledgers.  the business ledgers 
     are stamped with the cherub of death.

     at the end is an enormous desk.  behind it a massive, carved chair
     covered with a sheet, only its lion-head arm rests protruding from
     underneath.  nell realizes it's:

                               nell
                   crain's study.

     she moves for the desk.  an enormous mirror, its silver inner 
     surface flaking with age, tarnished, reflects the room, the desk, 
     and for a split second, a shadow in the chair.  nell steps in front 
     of it, blocking our view.

     and when she steps past, there is only the dim, flaking image of the
     chair, the natural shadow of the room.

     nell goes around the desk, stands over it.  the chair sits silent
     behind her, shrouded.

     on the desk sits a set of ledgers marked with mill names -- lowell,
     haverhill, manchester -- and years: 1884, '85 and so on.  she flips 
     one open.

     the ledger is a payroll account.  names upon names of workers 
     rendered in sepia by crain's severe cursive.  notations in the 
     column beside it indicate man, woman, or child and the appropriate 
     wage for each class of worker.  many of them, at least a third, are 
     children.

     nell reacts.  disturbed by it.  she shifts closer to that damn chair
     behind her.  the sheet hangs over it in such a way that someone 
     could be sitting there under it.

     she turns the page.  columns indicate pay, and so on.  but one 
     column, at the very center of the book, hidden in the binding, is 
     unlabeled. down the column, some names have a line drawn through 
     them, and at the end of the line, a cross.

     nell follows them back, eyes searching across the ledger.

     she turns the page, pushes the book down revealing that concealed
     column, more crosses.  and more.  her eyes flick back and forth.  
     the crosses are paired with entries for child.  she looks their 
     names...

                               nell (cont'd)
                   erin, peter and sean and emily and 
                   elizabeth... who are you?  and 
                   you?  what happened to you?  you 
                   died... how did you die?

     nell turns the pages.  more and more crosses.  dozens.  scores.

     nell sinks down into crain's chair and tears come to her eyes.  we 
     see the book.

