		int.  entry area - day
		
		as witwer and his four goons now head inside.  they approach
		the precops and now they all walk inside together.
		
		a wider shot
		
		of the stereo lithographer in the f.g.  witwer and the others
		entering in the b.g.  anderton watches the group from across
		the factory, then moves off.
		
		on witwer
		
		as he looks at the cameras all around the factory, then turns
		to his wrist communicator...
		
		                    witwer
		          jad.  patch me into security.
		
		witwer looks at his watch, sees the different views of the
		factory.  sees anderton running.  witwer deploys the other
		men with hand signs.  witwer then looks at the watch, moves
		off, takes a position behind a machine.
		
		on anderton
		
		as he moves along the assembly line.  the car door to a
		vehicle is being tested: open-shut, open-shut, open...
		
		he's suddenly jumped by price.  anderton takes a swing, but
		foley comes up behind him, and holds onto him while price now
		clumsily fumbles with a halo, moves towards anderton. 
		anderton struggles as the guy tries to put the halo on...
		
		he kicks foley, knocks him back into one of the cars as now a
		robot arm swings in and a panel welds the man into the door
		frame.
		
		the arm opens and closes the door in the b.g. as anderton
		and price fight it out in the f.g.  anderton gets free and
		climbs up a crane, hanging onto it as price hangs onto him
		and they rise up towards a conveyor belt full of engine
		blocks.
		
		anderton swings price against the blocks, the lithography
		pool approaching now.  anderton shakes loose the agent who
		drops, lands on a chassis in the middle of the pool, sinks
		into the lithographer surface... and submerges!
		
		anderton hangs from the crane as now the lasers fire into the
		pool.  a moment later the chassis re-emerges.  we see a hand,
		then pull back to reveal agent price frozen onto the chassis
		like a giant hood ornament as it's lifted from the pool by a
		huge robotic arm and carried away.
		
		anderton jumps from the crane to a smaller one, then lands on
		the conveyer belt and starts running.  and now we go...
		
		overhead - tracking
		
		as anderton runs below, jucket on the floor below unable to
		reach him as he runs by, but now we reveal paymen on a beam
		above anderton... he dives and lands on...
		
		anderton.  the two men begin fighting on the conveyor belt
		leading to the vertical stereo lithographer.  paymen kicks
		anderton who falls back on the belt... the lithographer
		machine in b.g.
		
		anderton tries to get up, but paymen hits him again.  we see
		the lithographer fabricating a car part right behind them...
		paymen pulls a weapon and lungs at anderton who judo throws
		the man over him and into the lithographer...
		
		the curtain lasers activate and "sculpt" him as he freezes in
		place.  anderton grabs one of the passing cranes and jumps
		on...
		
		as anderton rides the crane across frame, we reveal witwer
		watching him.  anderton gets off the crane and lands right in
		front of witwer who steps out and hits him in the face...
		
		the assembly line moves past as the two men fight their way
		towards it.  a car moves past as witwer and anderton tumble
		into the empty engine compartment.
		
		and now the robotic arms go to work on the car all around
		them.  a crane lowers an engine block above them, anderton
		sees it and rolls them both out of the way as the engine
		smashes down into place.
		
		the two of them roll over the dash as another piece drops
		into frame and smashes into place.  as the two fight, a
		machine blasts in from the side and stamps the dashboard into
		place.
		
		witwer looks forward and sees the tangle of robotic arms now
		enveloping the car in front of them.  witwer grabs onto a
		retracting robot arm and is lifted up and away from the car
		as now...
		
		the robot arms begin assembling the car all around anderton. 
		he rolls towards the rear as one machine after another stamps
		pieces into the car.  a laser grid appears over his face as a
		laser welder pops up and now...
		
		the laser begins firing welding "hits" towards him.  he jumps
		to the other side of the car, tries to get out when the door
		panel is slammed into place and now the welder comes around
		and "grids" him again.  anderton dives for the floor, just
		missing getting decapitated by the steering wheel as it's
		slammed into place.  but now...
		
		metal parts bolt up through the floor, narrowly missing his
		head.  anderton looks up and sees the seats sliding into
		position over him.  he grabs the steering wheel and rolls out
		of the way as the seat comes crashing down.
		
		angle on railing
		
		as witwer walks up, the other men now flanking him.  they
		watch as robot arms descend on, then envelope the car...
		
		the car moves forward and the robot arms retract and now the
		roof installing mechanisms slide into place.  the windshield
		comes down and slams into place as welders drop down and now
		secure it.
		
		witwer watches the car, starts walking for the end of the
		line.  he watches as the car enters the painting tunnel. 
		witwer and his men walk through the adjacent hallway,
		watching through the windows as the car rolls out...
		
		the finished car emerges through smoke and lasers from the
		painting tunnel.  witwer and his men approach the driver's
		side window... the car looks empty... until...
		
		anderton pops up into frame and starts the car.  he turns and
		looks at witwer, his angry reflection in the glass as
		anderton now drives the car out of there and we then...
		
		                                             dissolve to:
		
