		ext.  plaza - day
		
		as anderton takes another breath.  this time counts
		quickly --
		
		                    anderton
		          one two three...
		
		                    kid
		          can we see the precogs?
		
		and injects himself as we then pan back to the tour guide...
		
		                    tour guide
		          the three precogs have such a
		          powerful gift, they have to be kept
		          in peaceful seclusion so as not to
		          be distracted from the outside
		          world.  this display should give
		          you some idea of their daily
		          life...
		
		the guide gestures to a diarama like they have in natural
		history museums.  but instead of seeing a clan of cavemen
		hunting a woolly mammoth with spears, the scene depicted here
		is supposedly of the "three precogs" performing their daily
		tasks.
		
		but what we're looking at, however, is three healthy-looking
		silhouettes dressed in loose-fitting pajamas and sitting in
		overstuffed chairs in the middle of a beautiful living room,
		surrounded by people in white coats attending to their every
		need, while images of bloodless murders appear on a small tv
		screen in one corner.
		
		not at all the image of three frail, nearly translucent souls
		writhing about in a milk tank.
		
		on anderton
		
		in agony, his head ducked as he now pulls out the syringe
		from under his chin.  he stumbles to the precog diarama and
		slowly looks up.
		
		and now, in front of this display of lies, his entire face
		begins to sag as all of his facial muscles essentially let
		go, changing his appearance from youthful to geriatric in a
		matter of seconds.
		
		anderton stumbles over to and then falls in behind the group
		as it follows the guide into the building.
		
		                    tour guide
		          the precogs get over eight million
		          pieces of mail each year.  that's
		          more mail than santa gets...
		
		jucket and paymen walk out of the building, barely glance at
		anderton as he passes.
		
