		int.  anderton's apartment - night
		
		dark.  rain falls on the towers and pavilions of the inner
		city that fill the large windows.  the front door opens and
		anderton comes inside.  when he turns on a light, we see the
		place is a complete mess.
		
		trash and black inhalers litter the floor.  clothing is
		strewn about.  in the kitchen, cupboards, even the
		refrigerator door have been left open.  you might think the
		place has been burglarized, but it's just the way he left it.
		
		anderton walks past a bedroom -- an airplane bed and toys on
		the floor tell us this was once a kid's room.  he continues
		on to...
		
		his bedroom
		
		where he peels off his sweatshirt, then moves to the bed and
		sticks the old .45 back under the pillow it came from.
		
		on the nightstand, are piles of news clippings, all of them
		with headlines like "boy missing eleven years returns home!"
		or "family fights to clone dead child" or "girl rescued from
		kidnappers after two year ordeal".
		
		anderton grabs a black inhaler from atop one of the clippings
		and shakes it, sees that there's still something in it.  he
		takes it, goes into...
		
		the solarium
		
		anderton moves to a computer and types in an entry.  all at
		once, the room begins to fill with holographic images of his
		son, sean.  the images are ghostlike, not solid; created by a
		dozen laser projectors placed around the room.
		
		the scenes themselves are "stolen" from birthday parties,
		outings and vacations from a life that's somehow no more.
		
		in one of them, his son sean (age 2), playing with toys on
		the floor with lara, anderton's ex-wife.  anderton looks at
		lara a moment, reaching out to her when we hear...
		
		                    sean
		          daddy!
		
		anderton looks to a hologram where sean (age 4) is throwing a
		frisbee on a beach.  the hologram-sean looks up in anderton's
		general direction as he throws...
		
		                    sean
		          catch!
		
		and the frisbee sails right through anderton.  he takes a
		deep hit off the inhaler and then looks around the room.
		
		anderton's pov
		
		as the images gradually begin to fill in.  look real.
		
		                    sean
		          hi, daddy...
		
		anderton moves to one of the images in the middle of the room
		and crouches down in front of it.
		
		                    anderton
		          hi, sean.  how was your day?
		
		and then the image cuts to sean (age 6) holding a soccer
		ball...
		
		                    sean
		          i scored a goal!
		
		                    anderton
		          that's great.
		
		and now the image jumps and we see sean (age 4) at a younger
		age...
		
		                    sean
		          i raced mommy!
		
		and we see lara, smiling beside him on a beach.  anderton
		looks at lara a moment, then...
		
		                    sean
		          i won!
		
		                    anderton
		          what a big boy.  how old are you?
		
		the image jumps and we see sean (age 6)...
		
		                    sean
		          i want pizza!
		
		wrong answer.  anderton frowns, goes over to the computer,
		starts searching through the images.  he stops when he sees
		one of sean at age 4, at a birthday party, holding up four
		fingers.  he then walks back to the image...
		
		                    anderton
		              (tries again)
		          how old are you, sean?
		
		and now the holo-image jumps so that it's the same as the one
		we just saw on the computer.  sean holds up four fingers.
		
		                    anderton
		          four.  wow.  what a big boy.
		              (then)
		          i love you, sean.
		
		                    sean
		              (age 2)
		          i love you, too!
		              (age 4)
		          i love you daddy.
		              (age 6)
		          love ya, dad.
		
		anderton sits down on the floor beside the image and takes
		another hit off the inhaler.  he then lies back and watches
		his "son" as we now...
		
		fade out.
		
		                    vincent nash (v.o.)
		          on the eve of a national referendum
		          that will make all of our citizens
		          safe from violent crime...
		
