35   ext. harvard dorm - day                                         35    


      pale, studious law students clad in earth tones, move into
      their dorm, carrying in their spartan belongings (coffee
      makers, books, computers).
      in the distance, a happy pop song (perhaps "heaven tonight by        
      hole) is heard. as it gets louder, heads turn to see --              
      a silver, convertible boxster driving up, elle at the wheel,/        
      music blasting. a large moving van follows the boxster.              
      peop le lean out of their windows, buzzing with interest as--
      elle's car stops in front of the dorm. she hops out,
      scooping up underdog and looking every inch the la-fred-segal-
      glamour-queen, as she looks around with a smile.
      elle looks at underdog.

                           elle

                we're here!
      she bends down to pour some evian into his inflatable doggy
      dish, inadvertently revealing cleavage to a passing
      bespectacled boy (several yards away).
      he trips, dropping his i-mac. it shatters into a million
      pieces.
      not noticing/ elle stands and turns to two moving guys/ who
      are hauling a pink, faux-fur love seat and a potted palm tree
      out of the truck.



                                                         (continued)





                                                                        26.


35                                                                        35




                            elle (cont'd)

                      (continuing)
                 this way, guys!

     with a beauty queen smile in place, she strides into the dorm               
     as the other students watch in amazement.


     hanging out of the window


     arrogant aaron, a mensa geek with attitude, turns to his
     roommate.


                           arrogant aaron

                whose knob did she honk to get in here?


