ext. gibbon's farm - later

clear watches two emts lo ad eugene into the back of an ambulance. an
oxygen mask has been placed over his mouth.

                      clear
             be careful with that, check the
             gages on the regulator and be
             mindful of overdoses. oh, watch
             for potholes and puddles.

as clear continues, the exasperated paramedics do their best to
ignore her. when she tries to climb inside, she is pushed away.

                      clear
             look, i made him a promise --

                        paramedic
              sorry.   there's no room.

again, she's shoved away and steps back, helpless.

thomas and kimberly stand by kat, still trapped in the suv.

                      thomas
             get that over here!   move move
             move!

a rescue worker carries the jaws of life past clear towards the
expedition.

                       rescue worker
              excuse me, hot soup coming through.

the hydraulic hose that leads back to the power unite wraps around
clear's leg.

as the hose tightens, clear realizes she's surrounded by shards of
glass and metal. she quickly wrestles herself free of the hose and
watches the paramedics lock eugene's gurney into place.

                      clear
             one more thing.   watch out for
             power lines.

the doors slam, revealing the phelps memorial hospital logo. the
ambulance speeds off, spraying gravel at her.

she reaches into her pocket and withdraws a crushed cell phone. shit.
she runs back over to thomas.

                       clear
              we have to contact isabella now!

a news van tries to weave through the emergency vehicles to get
closer to teh accident.

angle on news van undercarriage

it sinks into the loose dirt, scraping a large rock. the gas tank
punctures.

emt's angrily wave the news van back to the road, where it parks near
the twin wire fence opposite the dead oak tree.

immediately, a camera crew exits the van to catch the action. rory
steps behind the news van, making sure he can't be seen, and digs
into his sock, coming up with a bindle. a smile...

                        thomas (o.s.)
              rory!!!

rory cringes at his name, pockets his stash, then exits frame. we
push in, the news van gas tank is leaking. a small drip...

