ext. highway on ramp - day

on old woman

as she pushes her supermarket cart up the on ramp. a squeaky wheel is
shrill and disturbing.

drivers of several waiting vehicles avoid staring at her weathered
face as she passes. up ahead waiting in line, is kimberly's red suv.

up ahead

waiting in line, is kimberly's red suv.


                        shaina (o.s.)
               watch it!

kimberly accidentally kisses the bumper in front of her while
daydreaming. she calls out to the driver in front:


                         kimberly
               sorry!   my fault!

shaina looks over, concerned. in the backseat, the guys dano and
frankie laugh hard and some of frankie's milkshake comes out of his
nose.


                        shaina
               want me to drive?

                        kimberly
               no, i'm good.

shaina looks at kimberly as a hand suddenly hits kimberly's window.
kimberly spins around, startled.

kimberly stares transfixed at the old woman, who stares back with
chilling intensity.

the kids ad-lib "let's go" and "fucking freak." the old woman's
plastic bag breaks, sending oranges rolling down the on- ramp. the old

woman breaks eye contact with kimberly as she rushes to retrieve
them.

the signal turns from red to flashing yellow.

kimberly pulls the su v onto the highway, looking in the side view
mirror to see the old woman look up at her in slow-mo.


                       frankie
              dano, shouldn't we go back and help
              your mother?

                            dano
              blo w me.

cu on kimberly

as she looks back from the mirror and reacts to an ominous electronic
road sign that flashes "warning: construction next 180 feet".

nissan suv

kimberly merging into traffic, nearly collides with a speeding yellow
mini- bus carrying a high- school football team.

kimberly nervously jerks the wheel to the right, then realizing she's
speeding towards the road construction barrels, she swerves back
left, right behind the mini-bus at the last moment.

close.

kimberly pulls around the mini-bus as rowdy football players tackle
each other, yelling:


                            football players
                 pile up!    pile up! pile up!

kimberly flicks on the radio and we hear highway to hell by ac/dc at
earsplitting volume. kimberly and shaina jump from the shock and
reach to lower the volume.

kimberly, disturbed by this, hits seek -- an oldies station. a grisly
car crash from nervous norvus' transfusion album.


                          dano
                 christ, is this tribute to princess
                 di day or what?

kimberly passes a car weaving on her right. the driver reaching into
the back seat to quiet a barking dog hanging on its head out the
window.


                            kimberly

                     (unnerved)
              jesus, all the crazies are out
              today.

a cloud passes kimberly's head. she smells it and turns around,
taking her eyes off the road to see dano smoking a joint.


                       kimberly
              i told you no drugs in the car!    my
              dad will freak!

dano and frankie exchange looks, god, what a geek!


                       dano
                     (laughs)
              calm down, kimmy.   it's not drugs,
              just weed.

                       frankie
              yeah, you should have specified.

kimberly turns to shaina, helpless. shaina spins around, her eyes
wordlessly tell dano, i know she's a priss, but put it out.

then kimberly's cell phone rings. she hits the speaker button.


                       mr. burroughs (v.o.)
              kimberly? it's dad.

                       kimberly
              hey, dad. what's up?

dano defiantly blows more smoke toward kimberly, then breaks into an
unexpected coughing fit - looking over to see a hells angel laughing
at hi m. the biker's trashy girlfriend, also laughing, quickly flashes
her tits at dano over:


                       mr. burroughs (v.o.)
              your car's leaking either
              transmission or brake fluid. i
              want you to have it checked asap at
              a gas station.

                       kimberly
              you got it, dad. i'll call you if
              i have a problem.

                       mr. burroughs (v.o.)
              i mean it. take care of it.

                       kimberly
              i will, dad. bye, luv you.

kimberly passes a station wagon on her right, the driver squinting at
a map while driving. a mattress and some furniture tied to the top
shift as the wagon hits a bump.


                        shaina
               um, kimberly, your dad's not gonna
               call like every ten minutes is he?

before kimberly can answer, dano sees a chp speeding up behind him.
he lowers the joint at once.


                        dano
                      (hiding bag of weed in
                           pants)
               shit! there's a cop behind us.
               pull into the right lane now!

kimberly, scared, does as she's told nearly colliding with a speeding
flat bed semi hauling a huge load of logs !

a horn blasts. the truck swerves. then speeds by on the right. a
coiled chain drops down to the highway.


                        dano
               look first, idiot!

shaina turns up the radio and leans over to kimberly.


                        shaina
               ignore 'em.

on log truck

one end of the rusty chain holding the logs in place rattles on the
pavement, sparking.

looking in her rearview mirror, kimberly turns pale - the cop pulls
in behind her.


                        kimberly
               dano, put that out now.

dano takes one last drag and flicks the joint out the window. it
bounces on the windshield of a ford expedition to their left.

inside the expedition

kat, 28, very corporate america, wears a navy blue power suit and
speaks into a phone headset while smoking a cigarette.


                        kat

             no, i'm stuck on jury duty so i
             won't be able to pitch the
             campaign. let's get silverstein to
             come in and...

kat sees the joint that smoulders in the dried leaves beneath her
windshield wipers. a moment later, a small flame crackles.


                      kat
             what the hell?     no,   not you.

kat flicks on her windshield wiper fluid, successfully putting out
the joint, but her worn wipers smear ash and fluid around, impairing
her vision.

kat turns and looks at --

dano, dead serious all of a sudden. staring straight ahead.


                      dano
             what's the cop doing?      did he see
             that?

kat sees the tailgating chp, smiles, then resumes her conversation.


                       kat
              forget it, i'll call him myself.

kat hangs up, then looks down at her cell phone, squints and dials a
number...

pan off kat to officer thomas burke

early 20's, rookie cop, who seems to have missed the entire exchange.

inside the police car

thomas speaks into his radio.


                      thomas
             i was supposed to be off today.
             how did i get screwed?

                       dispatcher (o.s.)
              no biggie. drake called in sick.

                      thomas
             copy that.
                    (switches off; annoyed)
             go on, sleep it off drake.

thomas tries to sip from a mcdonald's coffee cup on the dashboard,
but it's too hot. he places it back on the dash.

the vibrations of the road make the coffee cup slide closer and
closer to the edge of the dashboard.

back to kimberly's suv

dano nervously looks back.


                       frankie
              relax, dude.

but kimberly still looks uneasy as her dashboard "check engine" light
begins flickering.

kimberly spots a road sign -- next service 18 miles.


                      kimberly
             this trip better be wor th it.
             what's the guy- girl ratio again?

                      shaina
             get ready to smile, five guys per
             girl.

                       kimberly
              i can live with thaaaa --

kimberly stops mid-sentence when the white van in front of her
suddenly slams on its brakes and pulls onto the shoulder for no
reason. kimberly screams, swerving around the van just in time to
avoid an accident. frankie instinctively shouts at the van.


                       frankie
              what's your problem, ya fuckin'
              crack baby?!

inside the white van

isabella cruz, late 20's and very pregnant, drives a delivery van
full of funeral wreaths, crosses and classic rose urns. most are
marked: in memory of flight 180.

she chokes back sobs into a cell phone as she pulls over.


                      isabella
             ...couldn't keep your dick in check
             for another month? i knew this
             would happen when i got pregnant.

she pounds the steering wheel, furious.


                       isabella
              what'd the doctor say? i have to
              come in to test for stds? goddamn

               you, jorge.

a crate in the back of her van topples over and crashes and a flurry
of sunflower petals sails out the window. isabella jumps in surprise
and, wiping tears from her eyes, rolls up the windows as petals
shower the visor of --

eugene, the harley rider, who smears the petals (and some squashed
bugs) around his visor and drops back.

inside nissan suv

kimberly falls back into the right lane and looks uneasy as she sees
a truck driver guzzling from a flask as it passes the suv, revealing
its side is an ad for firestone tires.

it finally clears frame, revealing a highway billboard that reads,
"drunk driving kills."

kimberly reaches back and pulls on her seatbelt in spite of laughter
from the back seat.

up ahead, the rusty chain seems to have more give to it. logs strain
against it.

suddenly, a black cloud of exhaust from a blue '83 chevette in front
of them causes everyone to roll up their windows.

oil drips from its rusty exhaust pipe. the thick exhaust blinds
kimberly.


                        frankie
               gas it around these idiots. we do
               have 1200 miles to go, you know.

kimberly tires to enter the passing lane, but she's blocked by a
suburu wagon. in the front seat, a seven- year old kid is sadistically
smashing two toy cars together.

kimberly passes the suburu and pulls up to a pacer. the harley roars
by, startling her.

inside pacer

nora kesner, 35, and her son tim, 15. tim drums on the dashboard with
two ten-ounce naya bottles.


                        nora
               tim, will you cut that out? i
               can't even hear myself think.

tim frowns and then winces, holding his jaw.


                        tim

              damn, it really hurts, mom.

                       nora
              i know, we'll be there soon.

tim drops the naya bottles on the seat. one of them quietly falls to
the floor, rolls a bit, finally settling under the brake pedal.

inside nissan suv

kimberly is still behind the smoke-spewing chevette. she passes it on
the left. frankie rolls down his window.


                       frankie
                     (yells to driver)
              ever hear of the ozone layer,
              asshole?

inside chevette

rory, 27, leans down to snort a line of coke off a def leppard cd
case. s he looks up to see the patrol car is now behind him, he
reflexively taps the brakes.

rory, eyes like saucers, sits rigidly transfixed at the wheel and
nonchalantly wipes the cd clean on his pants.

inside nissan suv

she has dropped back behind the chevette and chp car and is running
down along side of a black trans am.

up ahead she sees the hig hway patrol car flick on its lights and pull
into the shoulder around the chevette and behind the semi loaded with
logs.

inside the cop car

as thomas pulls in behind the log truck, his coffee cup lurches
forward, spilling hot coffee all over his lap and the floor.


                       thomas
              son of a bitch.

inside trans am

its driver, evan schaeffer, 21, flashes a cocky smile at kimberly,
clearly making frankie jealous.


                       frankie
              a trans am. that shit went out
              with new kids on the block.

                       dano

              yeah. who does he think he is?
              knight rider?

                       frankie
                     (laughs; then)
              who?

frankie leans out and tosses milkshake on evan's window.


                       dano
              you know, hasselhoff before he did
              baywatch.

evan, pissed off, flips off frankie. the windshield wipers smear
around the thick milky fluid. the sun blinding him.


                       kimberly
              what's the chance of finding a nice
              mature guy once we get to daytona?

                       shaina
              how does a nice mature fuck sound?

kimberly laughs, then leans in close to shaina.


                       kimberly
              hey, thanks for talking    me into
              this trip. ever since     my mom... i
              dunno, i just feel like    i'm
              starting to live again,    you know?

shaina smiles in understanding.

inside police cruiser

thomas bends to wipe up the mess. he only glances at the road as he
tries to soak up the coffee.

suddenly up ahead, the rusty chain snaps! the logs roll off the side
of the truck onto the highway.

one bounces as it hits, and slams through thomas' front winshield and
out the back, taking thomas' head with it.

eugene slams on his brakes. his harley slides out and he is slammed
to the ground, sliding at 60 miles per hour across the highway, right
in front of the yellow mini-bus.

the mini- bus driver brakes to avoid eugene. the football players
tumble forward and hit him in the head. he loses control and slides
off the road onto the grass median.

he blows a front tire and the mini-bus begins to flip, rolling
several times int o the oncoming lanes of traffic, and is hit by a
mack truck.

eugene slides into a huge log, and hits it with a sickening crunch.
only to be hit and crushed by his sliding motorcycle.

rory looks up too late and rear ends thomas' car, exploding the gas
tank and hurling rory's dead body halfway through the windshield
where it remains half in/half onto the hood.

kat, dialing, looks up, slams on her brakes, but skids on oil from
the chevette.
she swerves into kimberly, side swipes her, then swerves to miss a
huge log -- only to run head on into two more, flipping the
expedition end over end right next to kimberly.

kimberly swerves back from being hit by kat, just in time to see a
huge log ahead. she tries to turn hard to the right to avoid it, but
hits it broadside --

sending the suv flipping over the top of the log and sliding down the
road. inside, shaina, dano and frankie are tossed around like rag
dolls, shredded by glass and shrapnel -- frankie is ejected out the
side window.

kimberly's suv slides to a stop on its side. she looks back to her
mangled but still alive friends and up in time to see

nora's pacer

nora sees the collisions ahead and slams on the brakes but the fallen
naya bottle prevents her from braking, and she slams into the back of
kat's expedition.

the crash test dummy collision folds her pacer and it explodes into a
huge fireball.

evan, blinded by the smeared windshield, is too late. he swerves his
trans am around the burning cars onto the wet grass.

kimberly sees the topless trans am slowly roll out of a huge wall of
fire and coast to a stop. evan comes up battered and bloody but still
alive. he is trapped in his burning car, screaming and trying to
release the seatbelt.

then, just when she thought it was over, a huge semi slides thro ugh
the wall of fire, smashing the trans am out of the way, spinning it
like a top. with the back sliding at 90 degrees it keeps on coming.

kimberly's pov

the semi's grill comes right at her!

cu on kimberly

she screams and we --

cut to:

the highway o n ramp - nissan suv - 8 minutes earlier

sweating profusely, kimberly's eyes dart around, taking in her
surroundings...


                      dano (o.s.)
             flight 180. you know, that plane
             crash with those kids from mount
             abraham.

the old woman bumps the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.

the kids ad-lib "let's go" and "fucking freak!"

kimberly stares in horror as the old woman flashes an evil grin.
kimberly's eyes lower to the bag of oranges --

which breaks, exactly like before, and the old woman scurries after
them. the signal turns from red to flashing yellow.


                      frankie
             dano, shouldn't we stop and help
             your mother?

                      dano
             blow me. yellow means go,
             kimberly.

kimberly hyperventilates in the driver's seat. freaking. a yellow
mini- bus with football players speeds past.


                          kimberly
                 oh my god, oh my god...

dano, confused, rolls a joint.


                      shaina
             what is it? what are you?

                      kimberly
             there's going to be a huge
             accident! everyone's gonna die.
             all of us! i saw it!

dano hums the twilight zone theme.


                          frankie
                 that's it. my turn to drive.

close up - kimberly screams!

and we're back

the highway on ramp

sweating profusely, kimberly's eyes dart around, taking in her
surroundings.


                      dano (o.s.)
             flight 180. y'know, that plane
             crash with those kids from mt.
             abraham?

the old woman bumps the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.

the kids ad-lib "let's go", "fucking freak."

kimberly stares in horror as the old woman flashes an evil grin.
kimberly's eyes lower to the bag of oranges, which breaks, exactly
like before and the old woman scurries after them.

the signal turns from red to flashing yellow.


                      frankie
             dano, shouldn't we stop and help
             your mother?

                         dano
              blow me.    yellow means go, kimmy.

kimberly hyperventilates in the driver's seat. freaking. a yellow
mini- bus with football players speeds by.


                       kimberly
              oh my god, oh my god...

dano, confused, rolls a joint.


                      shaina
             what is it? what are you?

                      kimberly
             there's going to be a huge
             accident! everyone's gonna die,
             all of us, i saw it!

dano hums the twilight zone theme.


                       frankie
              that's it. my turn to drive.

honk! the drivers behind them start leaning on their horns. kimberly
leans out the window and sees the chevette, the pacer, the white van,
the trans am, the harley...all the familiar vehicles from the pile
up. she turns on the radio, frantically scans the dial.


                         shaina

              relax, you need to chill the fuck
              out.

                       kimberly
              highway to hell, highway to hell.

                       shaina
              for christ sakes girl, take a
              breath.

                       d.j. (o.s.)
              taking you into an all request
              weekend with a classic from ac/dc.

the opening guitar riff to highway to hell blares from the speakers.
kimberly turns to shaina with a "believe me know?" look, but shaina's
nowhere near on the same page.

honking behind them.

kimberly, shaking like a leaf, pulls the suv forwards, turning it
sideways to block off all traffic.


                       dano
              what the hell are you doing?

dano shifts in his seat and sees - a highway pat rol car ominously
cruising up the shoulder of the onramp. he shoves a bag of weed,
along with the joint, down his pants.


                       dano
              five-o's coming!   let's fucking
              roll, man!

officer thomas burke stops the car behind them.


                       frankie
              jesus christ! here he comes!
              move!

                        kimberly
              no!   we'll all die if we do!

the cop turns on his flashers.


                       dano
              i told you she'd ruin everything!

                       shaina
              shut up, dano, just stay cool.
                     (to kimberly)
              he's just stoned.

officer thomas burke exits his car and approaches the passenger side
of the suv, hand on weapon. thomas taps the window with his knuckle.

                        thomas
               what's going on here?

                        kimberly
                      (incoherent, through
                           tears)
               there's going to be a pile up.
               logs. bodies everywhere. i saw it
               happen. it happened.

thomas looks to the guys in back who shrug, "we don't know her."


                        thomas
               miss, please step out of the
               vehicle.

as she does, thomas discretely unsnaps his holster. rory nervously
eyes the action. sneaks a paper bundle into his sock. isabella, the
pregnant woman in the white van, gets out. she gives thomas her
friendliest smile, milking the pregnant belly.


                        isabella
               excuse me, but is there some way we
               could just drive around? i have a
               delivery.

her cell phone rings and she leans back inside to answer it.


                        isabella
               hey hon, you got a mysterious
               caller on the answering machine
               from planned parenthood. what's
               going on?

as she listens, growing agitated, the harley rider dismounts and
pulls off his helmet. revealing eugene dix, 35, a nebbishy school
teacher in cool leathers.

inside pacer

nora watches the suv, distressed.


                        nora
               what on earth are they doing?

                        tim
                      (picking up two naya
                           bottles)
               who am i, david blane?

nora gives tim a hard stare, then they both break into smiles. nora
tousles his hair. and doesn't stop.

                      tim
                    (good-natured laughter)
             okay, quit it already.

as he laughs, something pains his jaw and he winces. thomas isn't
quite sure what kind of insanity he's dealing with yet. dano and
frankie, no help, stare dead ahead.


                      kimberly
                    (trying to calm herself)
             the radio played the same songs,
             the old lady's bag broke the exact
             same way it did in my premonition.

kimberly erupts into a panic when she sees the log truck speed past.
she grabs at thomas for emphasis.


                      kimberly
             that's the truck that's going to
             kill everyone!

                      thomas
             alright miss, calm down. i just
             need this lane open. i need you to
             pull your vehicle onto the
             shoulder!

                      kimberly
             you're not listening to me!   you
             have to do something!

evan impatiently yells out the window of his trans am.


                       evan
              arrest this whack-job, wouldja?
              some of us have lives, y'know.

kimberly looks to shaina for support, but even shaina can't meet her
eyes.


                      kimberly
             why won't anyone listen to me?

thomas, subtly reaching for his cuffs.


                      thomas
             i'm not going to tell you to calm
             down again --

a series of crashes and explosions are heard. in the distance. it's
neverending. horrific. kimberly's face crumbles. she screams in
horror and collapses against the suv.

thomas runs to his patrol car.

the white delivery van makes a j- turn out of the line of cars and
speeds down the onramp in reverse, isabella screaming angrily into
her cell phone.


                       isabella
              you couldn't keep your dick in
              check for a month?!

the other drivers exit their cars, craning their necks to see what's
happened up ahead. kat takes a deep drag off her smoke.


                       kat
              great, now i'm really gonna be
              late.

thomas barks into the radio handset --


                       thomas
              l.a. 51, i need assistance and
              requesting paramedics for a major
              t.a. at --

inside the suv

frankie watches the traffic start to back up as a couple of passing
cars brake hard. shaina anxiously watches kimberly pacing behind the
suv.


                          shaina
                 kimberly, what's going on?

kimberly moves toward shaina's window. as she leans her head into
shaina's window, an ominous breeze blows back their hair and we hear
the blaring horn of a truck.

and kimberly is unexpectedly yanked backward by thomas!

from nowhere, a shriek of brakes as a jack-knifed truck plow s the suv
across the frame! crash! flying debris misses kimberly and thomas by
inches!

kimberly cries in horror into thomas' shoulder as her friends burn up
in the wreckage.

