28   int. fat-can's - adjacent room - night                        28

     hudson, his back turned, barking orders at his henchmen.

                                hudson
                  get escobar out of here!

     the henchmen heft the wriggling sack, when:

                                gordon (o.s.)
                  leave him right there.

                                                    (continued)

                                                             15.

28   continued:                                                    28

     hudson whirls to see the gruff-talking gordon/dora holding
     the perfume bottle on him like it's a colt 45. now gordon
     shakes one of the heavy bracelets off his wrist, clicks a
     lock, snapping it open. he's accessorized with custom
     handcuffs.

                                gordon
                  let's go, hudson... hands!

     hudson gives a sick little smile, reaches for his gun
     when... wssssht!

     gordon sprays him in the eyes with the second bulb of the
     atomizer. (the first mace!) hudson howls in pain, drops
     the gun, rubs his eyes madly with both hands.

                                  gordon
                  thank... you.

     gordon starts to snap the cuffs on the perfectly
     presented wrists when...


29   fat-can's - upstairs hall - west - night                           29

     brawling a dozen attackers. west spots mcgrath trying to
     escape down the stairs. he uncorks a lethal kick, sending
     a thug flying through the doorway and into the back of
     gordon.

     gordon staggers, drops the perfume/mace bottle which
     shatters. hudson recovers his vision enough to send a
     fist into gordon's mascaraed face, pile-driving him back
     into the hall. while hudson and his men make their
     escape down the back stairs with the scientist sack...


     close - west and gordon

     west is blocked from chasing mcgrath, gordon from going
     after hudson. west tries to push her aside.

                                west
                  u.s. army... now get outta my
                  way, lady!

                                 gordon
                         (the baritone
                          growl)
                  i'm no lady! i'm a u.s. marshal!
                  you get out of my way!

     gordon whip off his wig, reaches inside it for something.
     west blinks at the weirdness, reflexively draws his colt.
     as gordon withdraws not a gun, but a badge, from his
     wig...

                                                            16.

