184   ext. near spider canyon - wanderer - stopped - dusk             184

      panning an expanse of canvas comprising a 20-foot wing
      span. in the b.g., we hear gordon scribbling.

                              gordon (o.s.)
                now bernoulli's principle states
                that the air flowing over a bird's
                wings... is moving at a lower
                pressure than the pressure below
                the wing... that's called 'lift.'
                course, it's just a theory... it's
                never been tested.


      new angle - gordon's drawing

      it depicts a wing cutting through the air. arrows
      indicating airflow. circular lines indicating "life."
      only one problem, it's upside down. gordon remedies
      that. looks sheepishly to west who, like him, is wearing
      a leather flight jacket and goggles.

                              west
                you're not makin' me feel any
                better.

      now they attach the wing to the frame -- which is
      connected to the nitro-cycle.

      coleman, his ever-present cigarette dangling from his
      mouth, readies bombs from the gunpowder of cartridges and
      gordon's design. they look like flash gordon's
      spaceship. he passes them out.

                              coleman
                here's a coupla bon voyage
                presents.

                              gordon
                coleman! must you smoke when
                handling explosives!

      gordon grabs them away from him and sits in the saddle of
      the nitro-cycle. west looks at coleman apologetically as
      he stuffs the bombs into his jacket.

                              west
                he's just a little nervous 'cause
                no one's ever flown before.

      west is barely on the back when gordon kicks it over and
      they blast out of frame.

                                                              104.

