64   ext. loveless mansion - outside study - west - night           64

     emerges just as a kentucky reel starts up. he weaves his
     way through the dance floor and spots the soiled dove
     look-alike out on the floor. west reluctantly
     straightens his shoulders and cuts in. this bold move
     gets some looks of disapproval from the pecan pie crowd.


     angle on west and soiled dove ringer

     dancing. both look straight ahead, not at each other.
     west so as not to attract any more attention. his partner
     because she's scared shitless of this strange negro who
     keeps hounding her.
                                                   (continued)

                                                               44.

64   continued:                                                      64

                                 west
                  real impressed the way you got the
                  dance floor staked out. maybe one
                  of your missin' scientists'll cut
                  in.
                         (dip)
                  thought you should know that while
                  you were trying to decide what
                  shoes to wear tonight...
                         (twirl)
                  i found that our host, dr.
                  loveless...

     west looks over to where loveless is leading a contingent
     of foreigners out a side exit.

                                west
                  ... is meeting mcgrath and his
                  troops at malheureux point in an
                  hour.
                         (bends her back)
                  so you enjoy the party. i'm gonna
                  go save the republic.

     the soiled dove look-alike is speechless.    before he
     goes, west leans in, smirks.

                                west
                  but i will say, good work on your
                  bladders tonight... they're damn
                  perky.

     and just to dig the grave deeper, west lays hands on them
     and gives them a little squeeze. this immediately
     elicits a scream and a slap in the face that shocks the
     bejesus out of the black cowboy. and he's not the only
     one.


     angle on crowd

     staring at him. we know what they're thinking, but the
     mountain man behind west says it for everyone.

                                gordon/mountain man
                  hang him!

     and with that, gordon opens his deerskin jacket to reveal
     his own rope, which he throws to the mob. west looks
     back at the character in amazement. that's gordon?!
     before west can say or do anything, guns are at his
     temple, and he's swept out of the room.

                                                       (continued)

     wild wild west - rev. 4/9/99                              45.

64   continued:    (2)                                               64

     gordon calmly straightens his coonskin cap, seemingly
     uninterested in west's imminent hanging. in the hubbub
     of everyone rushing out for the hanging, gordon heads up
     the unguarded stairs to the locked room.

     as he pulls out his high tech auto-wind lock-pick and
     quickly gains entrance to the door...


