60   int. loveless mansion - study - west - night                   60

     moves quickly to the desk past walls filled with oil
     portraits of various loveless relatives. the one behind
     the desk is in the style of gainsborough. a loveless
     uncle is standing on a windswept grouse moor, two english
     setters by his side, a holland and holland double held in
     the crook of his arm.

     west turns his attention to the desk blotter. there's a
     faint imprint where loveless drew the map. west takes
     his penknife and a pencil -- grates some graphite into
     the depressions. he's just about to do a rubbing on a
     piece of paper when... someone swipes it out of his hand.


     angle on miss east

     hands on hips, she gives him a "naughty, naughty" look.

                                miss east
                  i said to meet me in the foyer.

                                west
                  oh, the foy-aay. sorry, i've
                  never been much good at french.

     but instead of scolding him further, miss east plants an
     over-heated kiss on him. tongues are involved. as they
     break, she gives a little nod of approval.

                                miss east
                  au contraire...

                                                    (continued)

                                                              42.

60   continued:                                                     60

     she pushes him down into dr. loveless's chair.

                                miss east
                  so let's see, mr. west... are you
                  a dangerous spy of some sort? or
                  just a handsome cowboy who likes
                  to... poke around.

                                west
                  um... that second one.

     she starts to undo the buttons of his trousers. but
     west has a job to do. well, maybe he can do two jobs at
     once...


