209   int. tarantula - below deck - dusk                              209

      west approaches loveless.    there's going to be some
      payback.

                                 west
                   for almost four long years i've
                   been trackin' the animal
                   responsible for the massacre at
                   new liberty. and i hear that's you...

      but with the hydraulic fluid, the fight has gone out of
      loveless. his mechanical legs shrivel before our eyes,
      and loveless sinks helplessly to the deck like the
      wicked witch.

                                                       (continued)

      wild wild west - rev. 4/9/99                            114.

209   continued:                                                     209

      whimpering pathetically, he uncouples his body from the
      useless contraption and slowly backs up to his wheelchair
      that's stuck against the railing.

                                 loveless
                   please, west... show a little mercy
                   to a poor defenseless cripple...

                                 west
                          (imitating his accent)
                   now, now, doctor... let's not cloud
                   this otherwise sunny day with that
                   poor-ol'-me-cripple-talk. just
                   buck up and say to yourself, 'i am
                   indefatigably hard-pumpin' and
                   steely!'

      loveless gets to his wheelchair and collapses in it.

                                 loveless
                   after i kill ya, i swear i'm gonna
                   boil you down to axle grease!

                                 west
                   now that's the ol' doctor i know!

      but the smile fades from west's face when he sees loveless's
      shotgun armrests pop out leveled at his waist.

      west has nowhere to go but up as he leaps to grab the
      i-beam over his head just as loveless pulls the triggers
      on both barrels... boom! boom!

      the shots almost blow the heels off west's boots. they
      puncture a pipe behind him. steam spews out. this is
      going to have an effect on something.


