202   int. belly of the beast - day                                   202

      west plunges down into the metal chamber. oiled pistons,
      thrusting. steam, billowing. struggles to his feet.

      there, out of the shadows, steps...

      knife guy

      he's a mess... no hands, just brass collars where they
      used to be. they lock eyes.

                                west
                  so, i guess you're the one who's
                  gonna give me my whoopin'.

      they square off. a beat. then, a long steely blade
      shoots out from where his left hand used to be.

                                                       (continued)

      wild wild west - rev. 4/9/99                             109a.

202   continued:                                                    202

                                  west
                   pfft.   i got one a' those.

      west reveals the less impressive four inch stiletto in
      his boot. knife guy responds by producing another
      blade from his other cuff.

                                 west
                   but you've got two of those.
                          (beat)
                   okay, lemme talk to gordon, i'll
                   see if he can...

      no time for talk. knife guy does a bad-ass series of
      moves. the blades criss-crossing one another at blinding
      speed. west, unimpressed, retorts with a lame shake of
      his stiletto and boot.

      and the fight begins...

      knife guy attacks! west narrowly escapes each thrust of
      the knife, and attempts a kick to the groin... but comes
      up short -- the stiletto collides with one of the blades
      and snaps like a carrot. his only weapon... gone.

                                  west
                   damn.

      west rolls onto the railing to avoid the attack. sparks
      fly as the knife guy tries to slice and dice west but
      misses each time, hitting the metal railing instead.

      west rolls to the floor, sucking air. knife guy lands
      a kick to west's ribs. and to make matters worse...

      wrench guy

      just showed up. he swings his wrench at west's head.
      west ducks but gets kicked in the back. he sails across
      the room, lands flat on his back. now...

      shovel guy

      makes an appearance. he hammers his shovel at west's
      groin, over and over. (west is in a crab position and
      backs up to avoid this.) west finally gets a kick in
      -- it does a moderate amount of damage.

      wrench guy appears and swings his huge wrench at west's
      head. west escapes it, barely...

      knife guy thrusts a side-kick at west's chest, but west
      catches his foot, holds on for dear life.

                                                      (continued)

      wild wild west - rev. 4/9/99                             109b.

202   continued:    (2)                                             202

      wrench guy is inbound, with wrench in hand. he swings
      on west, but west blocks it with knife guy's leg... ouch!
      west punches both of them. wrench guy tumbles out of
      frame.

      west stands. looking for a way out, but... no luck...
      shovel guy attacks. west ducks and the shovel connects
      squarely with knife guy's blades. west crouches and
      throws two simultaneous punches, each connecting with a
      set of jewels.

      west stands, follows it up with a right cross and left
      hook and these two jokers wind up out of frame.

      now... the wrench guy is on his feet and he's pissed!
      he attacks west, lands a solid kick to the chest and
      west flies backward toward a...


      hanging chain

      which he grabs. he scales the gears, gets a solid grip,
      then swings, a huge arc across the room, gaining momentum,
      and kicks shovel guy and wrench guy at the same time! off
      their feet they go, slamming onto the metal floor.

      west lands. knife guy attacks. west uses the chain to
      block the blades which are flying at him, left and right.
      sparks fly. west manages to wrap the chain around one of
      the knives, locks it down, and heaves it into the gears...
      the blade snaps.

                                 west
                   no more mister knife guy!

      west drops a stiff right-cross on the chin of the knife
      guy... wobbles his legs a bit. but before west can follow
      up...

      another blade shoots out

      to replace the broken one.    it stops about a half-an-inch
      from west's nose.

      a struggle ensues, but west manages to wrap the chain
      around knife guy's neck and string him up.

      west throws a kick to his back... knife guy, hanging by
      his neck, flies through the belly... (the chain is on a
      track)... and out of the mouth of the beast, down into
      the abyss, chain and all.

      shovel guy springs to his feet and swings on west. west
      grabs the shovel and they struggle for possession...

                                                      (continued)

      wild wild west - rev. 4/9/99                            109c.

202   continued:    (3)                                            202

      wrench guy comes out of nowhere and wants a piece of the
      action. but west uses the shovel to deflect the swing-
      ing wrench... sparks fly.

      west gains sole possession of the shovel and mule-kicks
      shovel guy out of frame. west spins just in time to
      land a crippling blow to wrench guy's back.

      shovel guy grabs the shovel. he and west tug-o'-war again.
      west ducks under the shovel and moves back-to-front with
      him. west elbows him in the ribs. he responds by putting
      west in a choke hold. west swings the shovel wildly but
      hits his target -- shovel guy's head!

      west steps back, gets his footing and, for good measure,
      whacks him in the back.

      wrench guy attacks. west defends himself with the shovel
      and lands a stiff kick to his stomach. wrench guy goes
      down...

      west turns, hits shovel guy in the chest with the shovel
      and he goes down...

      wrench guy sneaks up on west from behind and swings at
      his head. west, on instinct, lifts the shovel and blocks
      the deadly blow at the last second.

      west has now found his rhythm...

      he swings and shovel and connects with... first, the
      foot, then the chin, and last but not least, the head --
      boink! west drops the shovel and, world wrestling
      federation style, picks him up and hurls him into the
      space between the gears. we won't see him anymore!

      west pivots and whack!... shovel guy plants a neat
      little roundhouse kick squarely on west's jaw. west
      backs up and catches another in the stomach. then...

      shovel guy really shows what he's made of...

      he does a series of jump-kicks, round-houses and fan-
      kicks into the air. all perfectly timed, all deadly.

                                 shovel guy
                   i learned that from a chinaman.

      west, without missing a beat, steps on the shovel, which
      flips into his hand and -- whack! -- lands a clean one
      right on the top of shovel guy's melon.

                                 west
                   i just made that up.

                                                     (continued)

      wild wild west - rev. 4/9/99                            109d.

202   continued:    (4)                                            202

      shovel guy reels back and tumbles over the railing,
      through the hole and he's gone...

                                 west
                   don't forget your shovel!

      west casts the shovel out into the abyss.

                                 west
                          (upward)
                   is that all you got for me,
                   loveless?!

      west, exhausted, turns and sees...

      metal head

      all seven feet of him. the top of his head is a metal
      plate. extending downward, encircling his eyes. west
      soaks him in, sighs.

                                 west
                   uh, i just threw my shovel out.
                   so this really isn't fair. if
                   you don't mind, i'd like to...

      west, at lightning speed, throws a sucker-punch/spin-
      ning back-fist to metal head's jaw... ping! that one
      really hurt... west's hand, that is. metal head isn't
      fazed a bit. west throws another shot, this time to
      the gut... ping! then a kick to the groin... ping!!!

                                   west
                            (incredulous)
                   noooo.

      metal head has had enough. he effortlessly picks west
      up by his lapels and flings him across the room. west
      tumbles, and lands right next to...

      wrench

      he picks it up and starts swinging! a shot to the body
      ... ping! then another... ping! then another... pingggg!
      metal head lurches forward, absorbing each blow with not
      so much as a twitch of the eye. west furries... ping!
      ping! ping! ping!... nothing! he goes for the head...
      pinnnnnngggg!... nothing! west is out of time. he's been
      backed up as far as he can go. his heels are dangling
      over the mouth of the beast, a thousand feet above the
      rocky cliff.

                                   west
                   sorry.

                                                     (continued)

       wild wild west - rev. 4/9/99                              109e.

202    continued:    (5)                                               202

       metal head grunts, grimaces and pitches forward, toward
       west, slowly but menacingly... west braces himself.

                                  metal head
                    urrrrrrrrrrggggghhh!!!

       west side-steps and metal head falls face first into
       the open air.

                                   west
                            (downward)
                    you guys just don't get out
                    enough.

                                                     cut to:


202a   int. tarantula - below deck - dusk                              202a

       west slowly gets up. loveless is about to roll over
       him. he jumps up in the air, grabs onto an overhead
       strut, reverses and shoves the wheelchair off the ramp
       jamming the wheels.

       a smile comes to west's face as he watches loveless's
       frustrated attempts at going forward and backward.

                                  west
                    when you get right down to it,
                    loveless, you just can't beat
                    a good pair of legs.

                                  loveless
                           (thin smile)
                    you're obviously not a poker
                    player, mr. west...

       loveless presses a button, the sound of mechanical gears
       engaging. suddenly four metal legs appear from underneath
       the wheelchair, raising his body to a height of six foot ten.

                                  loveless
                    two pair always beats a pair.

       west stares up at him slack-jawed. loveless rolls up his
       sleeves, steps away from the wheelchair ready to fight.

                                  loveless
                    now... was it someone particularly
                    close to you who perished in that
                    military action?

       west responds with a roundhouse kick to the chin that
       makes loveless spin around on the platform of his chair.

                                                         (continued)

       wild wild west - rev. 4/9/99                           110.

202a   continued:                                                    202a

                                   loveless
                            (stunned)
                    hmmm.   well, that hit a nerve.

       loveless imitates west by kicking with a lightning flash
       of an alloy leg. it's a rib cracker that sends west
       sprawling.

                                  loveless
                    a mother, perhaps? a father?


       close - west's hand

       he's just trying to get up when a cleated metal foot
       stomps down with hundreds of foot pounds per square inch.
       as west screams in pain...


