          87 int. cable tv studios 87

          as kate and her tourists watch, marge stirs an enormous,
          institutional-size soup pot on a kitchen stove.

          marge
          this is how we used to cook for big
          groups, before we had our microwave
          ovens and the other modern
          appliances. it would take days to
          plan the menu, and hours over a hot
          stove to do the cooking. but now,
          we can make this same tuna-noodle
          cheez-product chowder surprise in
          just a few minutes, and you can
          feed anything from a high school
          reunion to a complete chain gang
          with this kind of quantity.

          0
          marge puts a lid on the soup pot.

          (continued)

          

          

          

          
           revised - june 22, 1989

           62.

          87 continued: 87

          marge (cont.)
          whew! now, if we step over here...
          but as she starts to turn away, the lights on the set suddenly

          dim.

          cameraman
          huh. brownout or something.
          marge hears a tapping noise from inside the soup pot. confused,
          she lifts the lid -- and jumps back, as lenny -- now a gremlin,
          but his dopey face still recognizable -- sits up in the soup
          pot, wearing a chef's hat, and splatters marge with orange
          noodle-casserole goo. he whips out a turkey easter, and squirts
          marge with it.

          marge

          aaagghhh! what is it?
          at the sound of gremli laughter, she wheels to see george, a
           gremlin in an apron, counter behind her. as marge turns
           to the cameraman for pr tl george points to two microwave
           ovens at the rear of the set.

           george 06

          0 .5
          mi-cro-wave!
          kate's tourists turn to flee the studio -- the last to go is
          katsuji, who photographs the gremlins a mile a minute as he
          backs out of the room.
          as the tourists go, the gremlins turn savagely toward the ovens.
          george whispers to lenny, who nods obediently and throws several
          metal utensils into the microwaves. the gremlins close the
          ovens and start them up. the ovens fill with furious arcs of
          blue light --

          marge
          look out!
          -- and the ovens explode, showering the set with glass. as
          marge and her cameraman escape the studio, the ovens catch fire.
          the flames lick up toward the ceiling --
          -- and set off the sprinklers. george and lenny grin, standing
          tall to shower in the spray. as the water hits, bubbles appear
          on the gremlins' backs. close on the bubbles, camera finds the
          tiny heads of gremlin offspring, getting ready to burst out.
          as the studio fills with the ominous smoke and colored light of
          gremlin multiplication, kate runs from the room.

          0

          cut to

          

          

          

          
           revised - june 22, 1989

          62a.

          0

