          0 119 int. lobby 119

          -- to find a scene of building mayhem in the lobby. as
          panicking people try to flee the swarming gremlins, camera
          surveys the carnage from kate's pov:
          gremlins at the frozen yogurt stand shoot streams of whipped
          cream at fleeing workers...
          a bartender, his body covered with gremlins, falls to the floor,
          trying to shake them loose...
          at the salad bar, the all-vegetable gremlin terrifies fleeing
          people with his freakish face.
          a woman screams and ducks as a gremli) swings toward her on a
          sparking electric cable torn from the ceiling...
          people desperately scramble toward the exit doors, but the lobby
          is becoming an obstacle course of rubble as the gremlins trash
          it.
          kate takes momentary cover behind a pillar, gathering her nerve
          -- then makes a break a ss the lobby, running for a fire alarm
           on the back wall. as a 4 ches it, a raincoat --wearing flasher
           gremlin blocks her way, a l'i#ks open his coat to flaunt his
          0 reptilian underbelly.
           kate kicks the flasher gremlin out%ofbf 6k way, and pulls the
          alarm. in the clamp centre, of coot the fire alarm isn't
          some old-fashioned bell or siren. instead, melodramatic music
          builds under a documentary-narrator voice --

          fire voice (v.0.)
          fire! the untamed element...
          oldest of man's mysteries...

          12c int. an office corridor 120

          workers in an upstairs corridor, as yet unreached by the gremlin
          invasion, stop to listen to the p.a. voice.

          fire voice (v.0.)
          giver of warmth, destroyer of
          forests ... right now, this bu; i d ing
          is on fire...

          worker
          what?

          fire voice $v.o.)
          yes, the building is on fire.
          leave the building... enact the age-
          old drama of self- preservation...

          (continued)

          

          

          

          

          78.

           > o continued: 120

          0 y

          worker 2
          fire! fire!
          people from offices'start beating it toward the stairwell exit.

          cut to:

