          28 int. genetics lab 28

          as the scientists work, animals makb-restless noises in their
          cages, most of which are hidden by covering cloths.
          billy strolls in and starts "fixing the copying machine,

          0
          removing parts at random as he whistles gizmo's song.
          a moment later, the melody comes b&ek to him, in gizmo's croon,
          from a corner where there are several covered cages.
          billy looks around -- the scientists are absorbed in their
          work.

          29 angle - scientists 29
          martin and lewis have clipped electrodes to the ears of a
          nervous-looking rat. they're preparing to throw the toggle
          switch of a strange-looking device connected to the electrodes,
          as dr. catheter looks on.

          martin
          this is the most interesting bio-
          electrical work i've ever been
          involved in. here you go, boy...
          he feeds the rat some liquid from a vial with a lightning-bolt
          insignia on its label.

          lewis
          think of it...millions of rats in
          new york, and everyone hates
           them...

          (continued)

          

          

          

          

           revised 3/15 /89

          26.

          29 continued: 29

          martin
          but if one of them could power a
          portable radio for a month...
          he throws the switch. the rat's eyes widen, then calm down as
          the current goes off.
          dr. catheter touches the rat, and quickly pulls his hand back
          from the electric shock.

          dr. catheter
          definite progress, fellows. if we
          could just make it safe to touch
          them...

          martin and lewis
          hmm...

          30 30

          angle - billy
          he wanders back to the corner zmo's voice is coming from.
          two caged monkeys chatter at lm as he passes.

          f
          billy, whistling, lifts the ctiver on the wrong cage. he drops
          it in shock as he gets a glimpse of a growth-hormone
          experiment: a hairy spidebout twelve inches across.
          then, as gizmo's singin news, billy's eyes fall on the right
          covered cage -- and theeaming scalpels arranged next to it.
          billy heads back to the copying machine. on the way, he flips
          the latch on the monkeys' cage --
          -- and is back at the copier in time to look up, "surprised,"
          as the excited monkeys scamper past his into the center of the
          lab, distracting the scientists --

          lewis
          theodore! what are you doing out?

          martin
          alvin! put down that dna!
          as the scientists chase the monkeys, billy hurries to gizmo's
          cage. he opens the cage, and his eyes meet gizmo's -- it's
          hard to say which of then is more excited.
          but the gala reunion will have to wait. billy scoops gizmo
          into his toolbox. he walks out of the lab, leaving the copier
          a mess.

          0

          

          

          

          

           revised 3/15 /89

          26a.

