          156 int. lobby


          156
          true to billy's predicti.ngremlins are converging in the 
          lobby -- george, lenny,,-taffy, and a host of others. their
          mood is excited, anticipatory. spot tourist paraphernalia on
          several gremlins -- cameras, and a fodor guidebook.or two.
          the brain hormone gremlin, standing nearest the front doors,
          addresses his charges.

          brain gremlin
          is everybody here?
          a cheer of assent from the gremlins.

          brain gremlin (cont.)
          all right then...
          the brain gremlin holds a sportscoat over one shoulder, frank
          sinatra--style. as he nears the doors, he starts singing "new
          york, new york," with the gremlins singing the backup horn part
          behind him„
          (c ontinued)

          

          

          

          
           revised stay 3, 1989

           101.

           156 continued: 156

          40

           brain gremlin gremlins
           start spreading the news, dat dat da-da-dat,
           i'm leaving today... dat dat da-da-dat,
           i want to be a part of it, dat dat da-da-dat,
           new york, new york... dat dat da-da-dat...
          as the gremlins swing into their song, an angle on the lobby floor spots
          two trash cans with swinging lids. grandpa fred peeks cautiously out of
          one, while kstsuji aims his camera out of the other. they're covering the
          gremlins from cover, like edward r. murrow broadcasting from a bunker.

          grandpa fred
          ...it seems incredible, but following their
          bl _urdijnif rampage a destruction,
          these creatures are now mounting what
          appears to be a production number...

          157 angle - mezzanine 157
          billy, kate, marla, gizmo and mr. futterman arrive on the mezzanine. they
          look over the railing, at the gremlin assembly below.

          mr. futterman
          hey, these guys aren't bad --

          kate
          billy, they're going to the doors...
          billy points at the dark-glass windows over the lobby.

          billy
          don't worry. in a few seconds, mister
          clamp's going to drop that cloth out
          there. the sunlight will come in, and --

          kate '4'°0
          sunlight?
          on the: unwelcome sound of a` thunderclap,

          cut to:

