          90 int. clamp's office 90

          clamp's office is huge, immaculate, and fully outfitted with
          high-tech gadgets. the window looks down on a bank of clouds
          pierced by the tips of new york landmarks -- the chrysler
          building, etc.
          clamp hits the switch on a desk intercom.

          clamp
          have you shredded my mail from this
          morning?

          secretary (v.0.)
          (over intercom)
          i'm just finishing, mister clamp.

          clamp
          good. let's do some memos...

          (continued)

          

          

          

          
           revised - may 31, 1989

          65.

          90 continued

          90
          as he talks, clamp goes over to a bank of video monitors on his
          wall. some of them display spy-camera views around the
          building, while others are tuned to clamp cable channels. one
          of these catches clamp's eye: it's showing it's_a wonderful life
          in black and white.

          jimmy stewart (on tv)
          merry christmas, movie house!
          merry christmas, drugstore...
          scowling, clamp pushes a button. the movie blossoms into
          garish, unlifelike color.

          91 tnt. clamp's outer office 91
           clamp's secretary pushes the last of his morning's mail into the #
           shredder beside her desk -- it's a letter bearing the seal of
           the vice president of the united states and starting "thank you #
           for your generous contribution..." #
          as the letter turns into paper spaghetti, the secretary leaves
          the shredder on, turns to her computer, and starts typing down
          clamp's dictation. spot her prim pink sweater hanging on the
          back of her chair.

           c (v.o.)

          0
           (over i f)
           first one, to gefjq public
           relations. let's.h e people
           in chinatown give a st a tival
          as a spontaneous outpouri
          appreciation for what i've ne for
          their community...
          the secretary takes a hurried bite of a sandwich, then goes back
          to her typing. but camera holds on the sandwich -- as the green
          claws of an otherwise o.s. gremlin slip a spring-loaded
          mousetrap under the top slice of bread.
          the claws withdraw from sight just as the secretary turns to
          pick up the sandwich again. she takes a bite -- and, though her
          back is to us, we hear the snap of the mousetrap and the
           secretary's scream --

