ext. conservatory. day

mr. & mrs. danvers, lucy lane, and jimmy olsen are imprisoned in four metal cages hanging over the reflecting pool in the conservatory. the ropes that keep the cages from falling into the pool are gigantic golden serpents, their tails around an overhead beam, and the jaws tightly locked on the tops of the cages. a fifth cage hangs there empty. the water in the reflecting pool has changed colour to an opaque yellow. selena shows the arrangements to ethan.

selena
				unless supergirl agrees to go away forever, the 
serpents will drop them one by one. 

selena puts a small silver whistle to her lips and blows a high, melodious note. the fifth serpent opens his jaws and releases the empty cage into the pool.

insert: reflecting pool

the empty cage lands in the water and is instantly eaten up by the most powerful acid imaginable, leaving nothing but froth and acrid fumes. ethan looks down into the cool at his reflection distorted by the spreading ripples. 

back to scene

ethan
				why the empty cage?

selena
that one was for you. but i thought i'd wait and 
see how you behave when supergirl gets here. i'd 
hate to lose you, ethan.

selena steps beside him and puts her hand on his shoulder. ethan cries out with terror. selena looks down at what he sees.

insert: reflecting pool

behind selena, distorted almost beyond recognition by the ripples on the surface, is a giant monstrous shadow-being, its arms outstretched, almost enveloping her, but invisible except in reflections.

back to scene

selena steps away from the pool, shaken by the sight.

ethan
				what...?


					selena
				you don't get this far without paying...a 
certain price.

she turns and walks quickly out of the conservatory, followed by ethan.

mr. danvers
				if only i hadn't made that speech denouncing her.

mrs . danvers
i'm not afraid to die. i'm proud of you.

she stretches out her hand through the bars and clasps his bravely. lucy turns her face away to give them some privacy in their. final moments. jimmy is looking at her.

					jimmy 
       (shyly)
i've been in love with you for years. remember 
how you used to visit your sister in the newsroom? 
and put your fingerprints on my lens.

lucy
				remember? i was trying desperately to get you're 
attention.

	jimmy
you were? you mean we could've been... you-know-what...
all this time?

	lucy 
you bet your ass.

	jimmy
why didn't you tell me?

	lucy
you're supposed to guess.

she reaches out her hand through the bars and clasps his bravely, like the danvers.

