int. selena's new house (a mountain-top palace) 

ethan is in a dark, shadowy place, bound to a stake with stout cords. sticks of wood are piled all around his feet. selena stands beside him in her shining gown of power. she looks even more gorgeous and cruel than before. she offers him a glass of water to drink, but he turns his head away violently.

					ethan
				i'm wise to your tricks, lady.

					selena
				i could force you.

					ethan
				if that worked, you would've done it already. no, 
you want me to drink it of my own free will. well 
let me tell you, sweetheart, it'll be a cold day in hell 
before i fall for that one again.

	selena
go on,  talk big! i'll soon have you purring like a kitten.


she puts the glass of water in a, basket at the end of an iron chain hanging down from above. there is a straw in the glass at such an angle that ethan can just reach it with his lips if he stretches as far as possible.

selena
				you've been without water for a whole day. let's 
see how thirsty you get in a week.

	ethan 
you vicious--

	selena
careful, don't make me angry. i start fires when i'm angry.


she glances meaningfully at the faggots piled around his feet and walks away.

the camera follows her revealing that she has been talking to ethan inside the mammoth fireplace of her living room. her new house is enormous. where before she lived in a mansion, now she dwells in a palace. the fireplace is seven feet high, the living room floor is wide as a football field, and. the french windows into the garden now tower like the windows in the north transept of chartres cathedral. selena disappears out the imposing portals which lead to the wet bar and butler's pantry--each now the size of a basketball court.

back in the fireplace, ethan cranes his neck to make sure she has gone, then reaches out toward the glass hanging nearby. he pokes the straw with his forehead. the glass swings slightly. the glass swings close enough for him to bump it with his forehead and set up a rhythm. he gauges the swing of the glass and, at the precise moment, grabs for it with his mouth. he catches hold of the rim of the glass with his teeth and holds it there for a moment as he summons his courage to do what must be done. he bites hard on the rim of the glass with his teeth.

the glass shatters and falls to the floor with a crash, leaving ethan with a small fragment of the rim in his mouth and a trickle of blood down his chin. he leans his head over until it is directly above his left hand tied to the stake two and a half feet below his shoulders. a droplet of blood falls into his hand. he drops the glass fragment down to his hand and catches it. he grins, and sighs with relief. then spits to clear his mouth. slowly he saws. at the ropes that hold him with the sliver of glass in his left hand. one by one the strands part.

ethan strains against his bonds and the weakened rope snaps. he quickly disentangles himself from the coils and steps out of the fireplace. he looks around the mammoth room. the coast is clear. he spits a few bits of glass out of his mouth, and dashes out of the doors
to the garden.




