               ext. entrance to castle - night

               at the sight of the chalice, perceval masters his fear. bathed 
               in light and music, he spurs the horse forward onto the 
               drawbridge.

               once he is on it, the bridge begins to rise. unsure of its 
               footing and blinded by the light, the horse becomes skittish, 
               and perceval has to struggle to control it. he dismounts to 
               lead it, but the horse is terrified, rears up and jumps off 
               the bridge, which continues to rise, drawn up by unseen hands.

               perceval hesitates, then advances down the sloping drawbridge 
               into the castle courtyard. all details are bleached out by 
               the blinding light. the chalice appears suspended in space, 
               and now the figure of a man can be glimpsed standing behind 
               it.

               enchanting music from unseen singers grows and weaves. 
               perceval looks back to see the drawbridge slowly closing, 
               trapping him inside.

               he approaches the figure, his courage ebbing. hands cupping 
               the chalice, it speaks to him.

                                     figure
                         what is the secret of the chalice? 
                         who does it serve?

               perceval doesn't understand. he glances back again. the 
               drawbridge is nearly closed. terror seizes him.

               panicked, puzzled, baffled, he backs away. he scrambles up 
               the drawbridge desperate to reach the top before it closes. 
               he claws his way up till his hand grasps the top. he heaves 
               himself through the narrow closing slit which is about to 
               crush him. he screams, and with a final effort he wriggles 
               free and topples over crashing into the water below.

