               int. cave beneath camelot

               they pass through jaws of stalactites and stalagmites. merlin 
               cracks his staff whip-like and a ball of fire billows up 
               from the tip and illuminates a cave wildly veined and 
               filigreed with minerals and crusted with growths of crystals. 
               the light goes out but the malachite and the gold, the quartz, 
               diamond and beryllium burn dully. he turns to her, suddenly 
               tall and unstooped, younger, sleek and evil.

                                     merlin
                         in the folds of the earth where the 
                         forces that hold the world together 
                         are more alive, my power is strongest. 
                         here i will possess you, as a man 
                         possesses a woman. and the god, the 
                         eunuch, the mule that i was, will be 
                         no more.

               he sweeps her up into his arms.

                                     morgana
                         you are truly magnificent!

                                     merlin
                         flattery! do you think i am ignorant 
                         of your stupid little games? preying 
                         on you weakness of others. that's 
                         your power, a petty evil. mine is 
                         great. great plans. impossible dreams. 
                         laughable endings...

               he deposits her on bare rock. he kisses her. she pushes him 
               away.

                                     morgana
                         merlin, the powers of summoning, the 
                         true name of the charms of doing and 
                         undoing. show me!

                                     merlin
                         i won't. you would misuse such power. 
                         i have paid enough for you, and i 
                         will have you.

               she leans forward and kisses his ear and whispers.

                                     morgana
                         make magic, my foolish wizard. for 
                         our love. weave a marvelous room 
                         around us, a room worthy of our 
                         coupling.

               she draws closer, kissing him deeply. he breathes heavily.

                                     merlin
                         what do you want? you must desire it 
                         for me to weave it.

                                     morgana
                         walls of shining crystals, burning 
                         with red fire, furnishings of metals 
                         and jewels never seen by man...

               morgana falls silent as merlin raises a hand, majestically 
               intoning a harsh repetitive charm. the mineral veins of the 
               cave begin to glow and fog seeps out from them enveloping 
               the couple.

                                     merlin
                         desire it and it will be as you 
                         desire.

               morgana burns with intensity. merlin utters a formula and 
               the fog coalesces around them into the shimmering presence 
               of crystal walls, fountains raining jewels, flowers made of 
               scented air, a bed of glass shot with light and covered with 
               skins of animals dead before the time of man, goblets of 
               ruby, tapestries woven of golden hair. she reaches out to 
               touch the wall and her hand plunges through the unmaterialized 
               illusion.

                                     morgana
                         it's only a semblance. you disappoint 
                         me.

               she begins lacing up her loosened gown.

                                     merlin
                         don't touch the walls. come close to 
                         me.

               she does, a mad hope in her eyes. she kisses his chest.

                                     morgana
                         do it, merlin, the deepest secret. 
                         fix it with the charm of making, for 
                         our endless pleasure.

               he utters the ancient charm, morgana listening closely, 
               memorizing it. the illusion is all of a sudden solid.

                                     merlin
                         for you...

               she runs her hand across the hard crystal surface, her eyes 
               gleaming.

               from outside the wondrous room they can be seen to embrace. 
               he carries her to the magical bed where he makes love to 
               her, as they disappear from view in its effulgent light.

               she comes out through the crystal door, burning with evil 
               intent. she turns to watch him asleep in the bed.

               she utters the charm of summoning learnt from merlin, and 
               the room melts into an eddying carmine fog. within it, merlin 
               struggles to awaken from the torpor of love, alarmed.

               outside, morgana utters the charm of making and the gaseous 
               mass begins to crystallize.

               inside, merlin is rising to his feet, breathing the red fog, 
               his movements slowing to a standstill, his mouth opening in 
               a scream of horror.

               the cloud has metamorphosed into a magnificent cluster of 
               red crystals.  morgana peers into its facets and there she 
               sees, in fragments, merlin's terror... an eye, the gaping 
               mouth, a clawing hand--as he is entombed in the stone. she 
               laughs in triumph.

