               ext. moors by the sea - evening

               arthur and perceval rise, and as far as they can see across 
               the green hills that roll down to the sea lies the aftermath 
               of the massacre. hacked bodies, abandoned armor, steaming 
               horse carcasses, everything still. the murmur of the dying 
               is carried on the wind to the soft roar of the sea. the 
               squires have fled the scene of horror.

                                     arthur
                         but for mordred. where is mordred?

               elsewhere on the battlefield, mordred searches the dead, 
               accompanied only by his lieutenant, who turns over the bodies 
               of arthur's knights.

                                     mordred
                         where is arthur?

               one of arthur's knights reaches out blindly for help. mordred 
               crushes his skull underfoot. the shaft of his huge lance is 
               caked with blood, as are his hands.

               arthur and perceval see mordred and his lieutenant, and the 
               king restrains perceval from going forward.

                                     arthur
                         no, perceval. now it is time for me 
                         to raise my sword.
                              (he bellows out)
                         mordred, prepare to meet your death.

               shield on his left arm, and excalibur in his right, he starts 
               toward mordred.

                                     mordred
                         i wait for you, father.

               mordred advances forward, the huge spear in both hands and 
               parallel to the ground.

               arthur goes straight for him, shield ready to receive the 
               blow. mordred keeps walking, his arms now tensed back and 
               ready to strike.

               once they are within weapon's reach of each other, mordred 
               dashes forward and thrusts the spear. it glances off arthur's 
               shield, slides under his hauberk and penetrates the king's 
               body, and so powerful was the blow that the blade pierces 
               him right through.

               mortally wounded, arthur's scream of pain becomes a horrible 
               war cry, and he drives himself forward with all the strength 
               he has along the spear shaft almost to mordred's hands. 
               mordred is knocked back and to the ground and arthur presses 
               down on him, the butt of the spear pinning mordred. arthur 
               lifts excalibur. mordred attempts to free himself, as the 
               blade of excalibur descends upon him and cuts through metal, 
               flesh and bone.

               mordred's head falls to the ground, rolling away.

               mordred's lieutenant flees. perceval races to arthur's side, 
               and supports the king who has fallen on his knees. arthur 
               speaks through the pain:

                                     arthur
                         draw the spear from me. do it.

               perceval holds the king tight to himself with one arm, while 
               with the other he draws the shaft through and out of arthur's 
               body. arthur sags but doesn't fall. perceval begins to remove 
               his armor to get at the gaping wounds. the king speaks slowly, 
               softly, from outside his own pain-wracked body.

                                     arthur
                         there is one thing left to do... 
                         excalibur... and you must do it, 
                         perceval. leave my wounds, i command 
                         you.

                                     perceval
                         i cannot--

                                     arthur
                         --take excalibur. find a pool of 
                         calm water and throw the sword into 
                         it.

               perceval, stunned by the command, doesn't move.

                                     arthur
                         obey me, perceval. you must act for 
                         me. it is my last order as your king. 
                         do it, and be back!

               perceval picks up the sword, mounts his horse and rides 
               inland. arthur watches him go, struggling with the pain, 
               still kneeling, and then his head falls to his chest.

