               ext. countryside - night - moonlight

               a farmhouse is burning nearby, and three mounted figures 
               make their way along a trail at a walking pace - an old knight 
               in leather and mail, a young knight proud in gleaming new 
               armor; and on a farm horse, a squire with baggage and jousting 
               lance. the old knight, sir ector, is troubled by what he 
               sees.

                                     sir ector
                         it is a dark hour... everywhere 
                         lawlessness and destruction, and no 
                         one to lead us out of it.

               just then, ten crazed peasants emerge from the darkness, 
               hurling stones and armed with clubs and pronged sticks. they 
               surround the three riders. sir ector wheels around and slices 
               the air with his sword to ward off the ambushers.

                                     sir ector
                         listen all. i am sir ector of morven 
                         and these are my sons. you would 
                         wrong me, for i have never stolen 
                         from others, or destroyed the fruit 
                         of the land.

               the peasants edge closer, working up the nerve to rush the 
               horsemen. the sound of thundering hooves cuts through the 
               clamor.

               a cavalcade of riders, armor gleaming in the moonlight, 
               advances across the fields at a gallop. immediately the 
               peasants scatter. the old knight is on the verge of tears.

                                     sir ector
                         the people's anger is just. it is 
                         sad that for our own safety, we will 
                         have to ride to the tournament with 
                         these robber knights.

