               ext. jousting ground - day

               the sun has risen shining cruelly into guenevere's eyes; the 
               queen is alone at the stake. sir gawain rides up to king 
               arthur, who waits alone, separated from the others.

                                     sir gawain
                         my lord, the sun is upon the field. 
                         the queen has no champion. i demand 
                         justice, as is my right.

                                     arthur
                         so it is.

               perceval leaps onto his horse.

                                     perceval
                         let me champion the queen!

               sir gawain looks at the squire with contempt.

                                     sir gawain
                              (to arthur)
                         since no knight comes forward, i 
                         demand justice--

               arthur is in anguish. he searches the tree line for a sign 
               of lancelot. he looks from guenevere at the stake to his own 
               knights watching him. he draws excalibur. a gasp goes through 
               the crowd of onlookers.

                                     arthur
                         boy, kneel.

               perceval leaps from his horse and bends his knee before the 
               king. arthur brings the sword down on the boy's shoulder, 
               giving him the three strokes.

                                     arthur
                         in the name of god, of st. michael, 
                         and st. george, i make you a knight. 
                         rise, sir...

                                     perceval
                         ...perceval!

               gawain shakes his head disdainfully as perceval mounts back 
               into the saddle, his eyes burning with fervor.

               sir gawain and perceval ride to opposite ends of the field. 
               the spectators fall silent, all staring blankly, their senses 
               dulled by the tragedy, at the uneven combatants.

               a cry goes up. lancelot rides out of the forest. he rides up 
               to the king and salutes him. arthur smiles at his old friend, 
               tears of joy in his eyes. lancelot bows toward guenevere and 
               rides on to where perceval waits.

               lancelot reaches out to touch perceval's cheek.

                                     lancelot
                         it's my task to prove the queen's 
                         innocence.

               perceval cannot reply, his eyes affixed on the blood that 
               trickles from lancelot's hauberk. lancelot raises his lance 
               in salute to gawain across the field. gawain salutes in 
               answer.

               the two huge knights charge at each other, each man's spear 
               tip making contact with the other's armor, and in the violent 
               collision both are unhorsed. lancelot is slower at getting 
               to his feet and drawing his sword.

               he is bleeding below the hauberk from his self-inflicted 
               wound.

               in the first onslaught lancelot fights defensively, falling 
               back. he has to toss aside his shield and hold his stomach 
               with his shield hand.

               morgana watches with merlin. every terrible blow of sword on 
               sword reverberates through her body pleasurable. merlin is 
               captivated by her cruel sensuality.

