               ext. arthur's war camp - night

               converging from different directions parties of mounted 
               knights enter the war camp. lancelot among them. they 
               dismount, battle-weary and burning with the excitement of 
               victory. they quench their huge thirst from buckets carried 
               by squires. they rip off hunks of meat from carcasses sizzling 
               on spits over a roaring fire. and they join the throng of 
               knights, where stories of deeds of arms of the day are 
               enthusiastically exchanged.

               a great number of knights are packed tightly around king 
               arthur, each man anxious to tell of his victories. one of 
               them has the king's attention.

                                     knight
                         ...we killed every one of them. burnt 
                         their ship...

               arthur sees lancelot in the throng and moves toward him. 
               merlin follows arthur and is pushed and knocked around in 
               the crush of spikes and iron. the only unarmored man in the 
               crowd, he glares at the excited knights irritably.

                                     arthur
                         lancelot, how did you fare in the 
                         north?

                                     lancelot
                         we spared the lives of a few, so 
                         they could sail home and tell their 
                         fellows what fate they met at the 
                         hands of king arthur's knights...

               arthur turns toward uryens.

                                     arthur
                         and you, uryens?

                                     uryens
                         victory!

                                     arthur
                         lot, and you?

                                     lot
                         we drove the invaders into the sea.

                                     arthur
                         you, gawain, the east?

                                     gawain
                         the east is ours again.

               cheers greet each declaration.

                                     arthur
                         the war is over. one land, one king. 
                         peace.

               amidst the celebration, a fracas is heard. a knight pushing 
               forward to talk to arthur has entered a shoving match with 
               those in front of him.

                                     knight
                         let me through. i fought the king's 
                         battle too. he must know my story.

               merlin is brutally jostled. he draws a fistful of powder 
               from his cape and he tosses it into the air above him. he 
               raises his staff into the cloud, cracking it like a whip. 
               the tip of the staff catches fire, and the fire spreads 
               through the powder in the air, stunning all into silence. 
               merlin shouts and snarls.

                                     merlin
                         chaos... confusion... brutes... 
                         savages... troglodytes... stand 
                         back... make space.

               merlin swings his burning staff into a wide arc. the knights 
               back away, amused at first, then a bit afraid.

                                     merlin
                         the moon... the sun... the stars... 
                         they spin... they turn... they 
                         circle... around us... us...

               the knights have fallen back. merlin stalks past each man, 
               and arthur too, holding the flaming tip of his staff before 
               each pair of eyes, and staring into them with his gimlet 
               gaze.

                                     merlin
                         you, and you, and you, take up your 
                         place. be wedded to the world. respect 
                         its perfection. all of you, together, 
                         be one.

               the knights have formed a circle. they realize this. 
               awestruck, they whisper in astonishment, looking up at the 
               sky burning with stars. merlin brims with pride as he waits 
               for arthur to recognize his handiwork.

                                     arthur
                         your ancient wisdom and infinite 
                         sight have forged this circle, merlin. 
                         hereafter we shall come together in 
                         a circle, to tell and hear of deeds 
                         good and brave. i will build a table 
                         where this fellowship shall meet. 
                         and a hall around the table. and a 
                         castle about the hall.

               a cheer rises. arthur strides into the ring of knights.

                                     arthur
                         and i will marry.

               another bout of cheers goes up, and arthur stops before 
               leondegrance, resting his hand on the old knight's shoulder.

                                     arthur
                         and the land will have an heir to 
                         wield excalibur.

               leondegrance's eyes fill with tears of joy. a roar of cheers. 
               arthur draws the sword of power.

                                     arthur
                         knights of the round table, good 
                         friends, brothers in arms. i send 
                         you on a quest harder by far than 
                         the battles we have fought together, 
                         a quest to uphold always, and 
                         everywhere, justice, honor, and truth. 
                         each day shall bring forth a cause, 
                         and may each cause bring forth a 
                         knight.

               lancelot is drawn in by the king's enthusiasm. he unsheathes 
               his sword and swoops it low in salute.

                                     lancelot
                         i swear never to rest twice on the 
                         same pillow till all men live at 
                         peace.

               in quick succession all knights draw their swords, following 
               lancelot's example.

               merlin struggles to put out the flame on his staff. he finally 
               does it by smothering it with earth. when he looks up again, 
               he sees the knights galloping off in all directions.

