     ext.  beach.  day.

     17-year-old jerome walks up the beach to find 15-year-old anton
     sitting with the young woman vincent had previously dated.

                           jerome (vo)
              i didn't blame anton for his free ride.  you
              can't blame someone for winning the lottery.

     the young woman hastily departs.

     later the two brothers face each other on the sand.  anton is
     the more statuesque of the two.

                           anton
                      (cocky)
              you sure you want to do this?

     vincent's answer is to walk towards the water.  anton smiles
     mockingly at his brother's grim "game face" and
     follows.

     from an aerial view we watch vincent and his younger brother, anton,
     swim beyond the breakers.

                           jerome (vo)
              it was the last time we swam together.
              out into the open sea, like always,
              knowing each stroke towards the horizon
              was one we had to make back to the
              shore.  like always, the unspoken contest.

     we watch the two young men swimming stroke for stroke.  they
     swim far out, beyond the point.  suddenly anton starts to slow,
     his strokes becoming labored until he becomes motionless in the
     water.  he begins to sink like a stone.  vincent, realizing
     anton is no longer beside him, turns back to lend support.
     vincent takes him in a lifeguard hold and begins to nurse him
     back to shore.  finally the two boys are coughed up onto the
     shallows.  they collapse, just beyond the waterline, exhausted,
     gasping for air.  antonio and maria arrive on the scene.  anton
     is the first to recover while vincent clutches his side, his
     face screwed up in pain.  maria kneels down and starts to
     administer to vincent but his father, antonio, is unable to
     conceal his anger and contempt for vincent.

                           antonio
              vincent, you damn fool!  you could have killed
              anton with your ridiculous contest!  why should
              he risk his life to save yours?!  when are you
              going to get it through your thick head--you
              can't compete with your brother!  why try?!

     maria takes antonio aside.  anton and vincent exchange a look.

                           anton
              why didn't you say anything?

                           vincent
              why didn't you?
                        (staring back at his father knowingly)
              it's okay.  it's the way they want it.

                           jerome (vo)
              it confirmed everything in the minds of
              my parents - that they had taken the right
              course with my younger brother and the
              wrong course with me.  it would have been so
              much easier for everyone if i had slipped away
              that day.  i decided to grant them that wish.


