     int.  gattaca - testing lab.  day.

     every available technician is working to accommodate the testing
     of the thousand or so programmers.  twelve testing stations
     operate simultaneously.  a homicide detective supervises each
     station.  jerome reaches the head of the line.  he notes an
     exiting colleague holding a cotton ball to his arm.

     a nurse directs jerome to lamar's testing station.  lamar
     deposits the previous patient's labeled vial into a blood
     carousel under the watchful eye of a large detective, clearly
     not relishing his assignment.  jerome rolls up his sleeve.

                           jerome
                      (referring to the table lined with syringes)
              what's with the plungers, lamar?  what are
              you doing, opening a blood bank?

     the syringes are clearly not lamar's idea.

                           lamar
                      (sarcastic)
              the gentlemen of law enforcement are concerned that
              my testing methods may have been compromised.

     lamar inserts a fresh syringe into jerome's arm.  as lamar draws
     the blood, jerome suddenly flinches and flexes his arm
     violently, causing the needle to bend and buckle, exiting the
     skin from a second puncture point.

                           jerome
              damn!!

     having pulled away from lamar's grasp, jerome withdraws the bent
     needle himself, blood still squirting from his vein.

                           lamar
                      (grabbing a nearby wad of gauze)
              jesus--i'm sorry, jerome.

     the large homicide detective winces and turns away from the red
     arcing spray, a splash of blood spattering his shoes.  in the
     midst of the commotion, with his practised sleight-of-hand,
     jerome removes the vial from the syringe and replaces it with
     another concealed vial.

                           jerome
                      (unfazed, putting lamar at his ease)
              you must be out of practise, lamar.

     lamar hurriedly takes the syringe from jerome.

                           lamar
                      (examining and removing the
                      switched vial from the bent syringe)
              i've got enough here.

                           jerome
                      (regarding the squimish detective,
                      as he holds the gauze to his arm)
              need any more, you can always get it off his shoes.

     the detective notices the spatter of blood across his brogues
     and, with a look of disdain, wipes it clean.  he tosses the
     incriminating tissue down a hygenically sealed garbage shoot.

     lamar places jerome's labelled vial in the carousel where it is
     immediately analyzed by the computer.  jerome's "legitimate"
     employee id code appears on the screen - "valid".  another
     employee enters the testing lab.


