     int.  crime lab.  night.

     the tormented investigator lies on the floor of his lab, staring
     at the ceiling.  he winces in discomfort.  he is lying on
     something.  he rolls over and retrieves the irritation from his
     pocket.  it is the "esc" computer key he prized from jerome's
     keyboard.

     he gazes at the key for a moment and then gets to his feet.  he
     resurrects an old fingerprint kit from a cupboard.  carefully
     removing the key from the specimen bag - marked, "morrow,
     jerome" - he begins to dust it for a fingerprint.

     he places the key under a camera.  the enlarged print appears
     on the lefthand side of his computer screen.  the word "match"
     blinks onto the screen.  however the face that appears from the
     computer's databank is not that of "morrow, jerome" but
     "luca, vincent".  the investigator regards the photograph in
     disbelief.

     detective hugo casually enters the lab, something odd in his
     nonchalant demeanor.

                           investigator
                      (excited)
              hugo!  i've found him!

                           hugo
              i've found him too.

                           investigator
                      (not listening, referring to his discovery)
              a fingerprint.  there's something to be
              said for nostalgia.
                      (realizing what hugo has said)
              what did you find?

     hugo puts a specimen bag on the counter.  it contains the
     investigator's discarded tissue.  the investigator does
     not recognize it.

                           detective hugo
              it's not exactly him.

                           investigator
                      (interest piqued)
              where did you get this?

     the investigator immediately deposits the tissue into an
     analyzer.

                           detective hugo
                      (referring to the tissue)
              but this man does share some common
              characteristics with your suspect.  not so
              many but enough.  it appears the eyelash
              has a brother--of a kind.

     the investigator realizes the significance and looks guiltily
     to hugo.  hugo exits the lab, leaving the investigator to stare
     at his own face in his analyzing machine.


