     int.  investigator's crime lab.  night.

     a severed human tongue sits on a tray in a sterile, sealed
     chamber.  using gloves that protrude through the chamber's glass
     wall, face buried in a binocular eyepiece, the investigator
     takes a swab from the tongue.

                           investigator
                      (to the tongue, as he inserts the
                      tip of the swab into an analyzer)
              let's see what you've got to say for yourself.

     a female assistant, looking on, hardly has time to smile at the
     remark before information begins to appear on a nearby computer
     terminal.  the computer gradually builds a portrait of the owner
     of the tongue using genetic predictors.  the investigator
     wanders over to the window as his assistant reads the
     information from the screen.

                           assistant
              the tongue is male.  mature.  blonse hair.
              brown eyes.  light complexion.  between
              5'11 and 6'1.  pronounced caucasian nose.
              thin lips.  weak chin.  lobeless ears.
              prematurely balding.  slightly bow-legged.
              broad shoulders.  barrel chest...
                      (pause)
              blind.

                           investigator
                      (interest piqued)
              blind?
                      (mildly amused, checking the
                      monitor for himself)
              the tongue is blind?

                           assistant
                      (confused)
              who cuts out the tongue of a blind man?

                           investigator
                      (shrugs)
              someone who is mindful that the blind
              still speak.

     the investigator is alerted by the chime of his nearby computer.
     on the screen, he discovers the face of 20-year-old vincent
     and the accompanying flashing message: tracking in-valid
     883000181105-10  - new data -


