     int.  eugene's condominium.  night.

     from outside, a car horn sounds.  jerome, in a formal suit and
     spectacles, abruptly enters the condominium.  he goes to a
     closet and starts searching through eugene's clothes.

                           jerome
              mind if i borrow a tie?

     eugene is more interested in the car parked outside the
     condominium.  irene sits in a convertible citroen ds, dressed in
     a classic but provocative black suit.  unaware that she is being
     observed she touches up her lipstick in the rearview mirror.

                           eugene
              so it's not just the hoovers who've got
              you rattled.

                           jerome
              you're the one who said not to change anything.
              she's my ear to the investigation.

                           eugene
                      (skeptical)
              is that all?

                           jerome
              i've got enough on my mind without that.

                           eugene
              if you say so.
                      (referring to the ties in jerome's hand)
              the stripe.

                           jerome
                      (agreeing with the selection)
              good choice.

     jerome fumbles with the knot.  from his chair, eugene knots
     jerome's tie for him.  jerome is intrigued that for once eugene
     is abstaining - he has not touched his drink.

                           jerome
              not thirsty?
                      (referring to the fridge)
              we've got enough virgin samples to last us the week.

                           eugene
              i don't feel too good.  i think i'm still
              drunk from last night.

                           jerome
              never stopped you before.
                      (regarding eugene's head)
              and for god's sake stop plucking your hair.
              someone went to a lot of trouble to make sure
              you wouldn't go bald.

                           eugene
              if i were you i'd worry about myself.
                      (nodding to jerome's spectacles)
              haven't you forgotten something?

     jerome pockets the spectacles and enters the bathroom for his
     contact lenses.  the horn sounds outside the window a second
     time and jerome hastily exits.  we stay with eugene.  irene
     catches a glimpse of him before he moves away from the window.
     jerome emerges from the building.

     as the couple drive away, eugene wheels himself to the full
     length mirror.  he regards his own reflection for a moment and
     opens the mirror - a disguised door opening into the adjacent
     apartment.  a cloud of condensed water vapor billows out.
     german, the dna broker, emerges with an engineer.

     he sends the engineer on his way and joins eugene at his desk.
     eugene hands german a credit card that he wipes through his
     computer.

                           german
              we still need to overhaul the back-up generator.
                      (fixing eugene with a penetrating stare)
              what's going on, eugene, i thought he was going
              away, not you--you going on vacation?

                           eugene
                      (looking away)
              you got it, german.

                           german
                      (nodding thoughtfully)
              you deserve it.


