     int.  gattaca aerospace corporation.  day.

     jerome strides purposefully up to the entranceway with hundreds
     of other gattaca employees.  he carries himself with a certain
     arrogance, a cool detachment.  all employees wear similarly
     unconventionally-cut suits, short coiffed hair and robust tans.
     the gattaca employees are a seemingly equal split of men and
     women and a diverse range of ethnicities.

     they filter through a row of channels supervised by security
     guards.  each channel contains a computerized security device,
     featuring a slim groove in which the employee places a finger
     under the watchful eye of a security guard.

     jerome gives a polite nod to a guard as he places his index
     finger in the groove.  his fingertip is jabbed with the
     finest of needles and a minute blood sample taken.

     the blood specimen confirms jerome's identity - an id photograph
     appearing on a computer screen.

     out of the corner of his eye, jerome spies a young woman
     entering through the adjacent channel.  she is also sneaking a
     glance in his direction - irene.  catching each other looking,
     they both quickly avert their eyes.

     as jerome enters the computer facility of gattaca aerospace
     corporation he furtively glances at the pin-prick puncture in
     his fingertip sachet.


     somewhere in deep space.

     a gattaca spacecraft skirts an asteroid.  taking advantage of
     the rock's gravitational pull, the craft slingshots deeper into
     the black void.  then abruptly the craft and the asteroid freeze
     in mid-space, suddenly reverse direction and proceed forward
     again - the spacecraft taking a slightly adjusted course.

     we pull back to reveal that the journey is merely a highly
     realistic graphic representation on a gattaca computer screen
     operated by jerome.

     appearing simultaneously alongside the computer animation is a
     seemingly never-ending column of computer instructions for this
     celestial navigation - the incomprehensible language of the
     computer programmer.

              140 #x20x08x$$x20x08x$$x20x08x$$x20{
              150 #x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00
              160 #xfexfexfexfexfexfexfexfexfexfe

     jerome is transported - plotting a path through the heavens.
     as his fingers fly across the keys he does not once take his
     eyes from the screen.

     his is one of hundreds of ergonomically designed work stations,
     arranged in ever-widening circles in a huge, curcular, well-
     appointed if antiseptic room.  each curved desk contains a
     computer terminal consisting of a keyboard and a slim,
     transparent screen behind which is seated a programmer,
     designing software for the aerospace agency.  at the center of
     the room is a donut-shaped command console, chairs facing
     outwards, from which operations are monitored.

     floor to ceiling smoked-glass curved walls offer the only
     concession to nature - a tinted view of a man-made, meticulously
     landscaped garden.

     jerome tears himself away from his screen and picks up a
     discreet mini-vac.  he vacuums between the keys of his keyboard.
     director josef, 50's, a shorter, official-looking man
     approaches.  his assistant irene stands at his shoulder.

                           director josef
              you keep your work station so clean, jerome.

                           jerome
              --next to godliness, isn't that what they say?

     the director smiles at the notion and places a computer disc
     on jerome's desk.

                           director josef
              i reviewed your flight plan.  not one error
              in a hundred thousand keystrokes.  phenomenal.
                      (placing a hand on jerome's shoulder)
              it's right that someone like you is taking us
              to the belt.
                      (glancing to notification on jerome's screen)
              you have a substance test.

     the director briskly departs, irene in tow.  at a nearby work
     station, a painfully thin programmer, napoleon, perks up at
     the mention of the test.

     jerome merely shrugs and pretends to reach down and scratch his
     ankle.  however he surreptitiously produced one of eugene's
     transparent specimen bags from his sock.  an extreme close up
     reveals the bag's contents - flakes of skin, hair follicles,
     eyelashes, a fingernail.  cupping the bag in his hand to avoid
     detection, jerome sprinkles the fraudulent body matter over his
     keyboard, desk surfaces and the floor around his work station.

     he opens his desk drawer and casually scatters the remainder of
     the bag.  finally he inspects a comb already laced with two
     hair follicles.

     jerome rises from his work station and makes his way towards the
     testing lab.


