     int.  michael's dinner club.  night.

     in a secluded booth jerome and eugene toast from a bottle of
     1999 vintage bordeaux.  eugene drinks longer than jerome.
     jerome dabs his mouth with a napkin.  he fails to notice a
     minute flake of skin dislodged from his chin.  we follow the
     flake as it comes to rest beneath the table.

     later, eugene and jerome watch couples dancing a samba on the
     dance floor.  a waiter vacuums the table with a discreet,
     handheld miniature vacuum while a waitress clears the plates.
     she accidentally drops a knife onto eugene's leg.

                           waitress
                      (aghast at the sight of his lifeless legs)
              i'm so sorry.  did i hurt you?

                           eugene
                      (smiling, a trace of bitterness)
              honey, if you'd hurt me, i'd be cured.

     eugene, the worse for drink, gropes for the waitress's leg but
     she easily avoids his clumsy pass.

                           eugene
              you want to meet a real-life spaceman?

     jerome, always aware, scanning the club, suddenly spies
     napoleon, his gattaca colleague, on the other side of the
     room.  napoleon is taking a hit from a vial concealed in his
     hand.  jerome abruptly turns his back to avoid being recognized.

                           jerome
              let's get out of here.

                           eugene
                      (knocking back his drink,
                      misinterpreting the hasty departure)
              you're right, there's more atmosphere
              where you're going.


     int/ext.  car.  night.

     driving along the freeway, jerome's car suddenly dives down an
     escape road.  eugene looks sideways at jerome.

                           jerome
              you drive.


     int/ext.  car.  night.

     the car careens around and around a small circular building -
     a cloud of dust billowing up behind the car.  we focus on a
     brick wedged against the car's gas pedal.

     eugene is at the wheel, jerome in the passenger seat.

     the hard turn is repeated with increasing recklessness, eugene
     fighting to control the bucking car.

                           eugene
                      (screaming in both fear and exhilaration)
              i gotta stop!!  i gotta stop!!

                           jerome
              keep going!!  keep going!!

     finally the car spins to a halt in a cloud of dust.  when the
     dust settles it is revealed that they have been circling the
     base of a huge satellite dish in a desolate location.


