     int.  michael's club.  night.

     irene and jerome step off the dance floor of the smoky, decadent
     dinner club and take a seat at their table.  irene is agog at
     the strange assortment of patrons, the cigars, the laden dessert
     trolleys.  it is all slightly off from the pristine world she is
     accustomed to.

                           irene
              what is this place?

                           jerome
                      (wry smile, enjoying her fascination)
              you've never been here?
                      (a dessert trolley is wheeled up)
              let me order for you.

     jerome selects a chocolate torte from the trolley.  jerome
     savors a spoonful.  irene is tempted but then remembers herself.

                           irene
              i'd better not.

     she reaches for her elegant pill box.  jerome takes another
     spoonful.

                           jerome
              so sure of what you can't do.  do you even
              know what it tastes like, irene?

     irene goes to deny it but cannot.

     michael suddenly approaches the table with a waiter in tow.
     irene is about to steal a taste of the dessert with her finger
     when their plates and glasses are whisked away and the table
     immediately hoovered.  michael whispers in jerome's ear.

                           michael
              take the side door.

     jerome looks up in time to see detective hugo coming through the
     front entrance with several other detectives.

                           detective
                      (to his colleagues)
              check for lenses, hairpieces--

     a detective shines a flashlight in the eyes of a male patron.
     a second detective tugs the hair of a second patron.  jerome
     takes irene by the hand and escorts her out of the side exit.
     several other couples make for the parking lot.

                           irene
              why are we leaving?

                           jerome
                      (attempting to explain the hasty exit)
              those checks take forever.


