     ext.  gattaca.  night.

     while his fellow workers sit on the steps at the service
     entrance to gattaca, passing around an unlabeled bottle of clear
     liquor, vincent sits some distance away studying his text book.
     in the absence of a computer, he practices typing commands on a
     keyboard handdrawn on the flap of a cardboard box.

     a tiny, seedy-looking man, german, forties, appears from
     nowhere and takes a seat beside him.

                           german
                      (offering his hand)
              vincent, i'm german--
                      (anticipating vincent's response)
              that's my name.

     he looks the apprehensive vincent up and down.

                           vincent
              what do you think?

                           german
                      (shrugs)
              i think i could do something
                      (glancing to the text book)
              provided you know what you're doing
              and you can meet the terms.

     vincent pulls a plastic e-money card from his overalls.

                           german
              you got a photo of yourself?

     vincent produces a snapshot of himself - torn from the family
     portrait.  german feeds the snapshot into the pocket-sized
     computer he carries.  the picture is instantly scanned and
     appears on the computer's small color screen.  german returns
     the photograph and hastily departs.

     caesar, the elderly janitor, notices german's exit.

                           caesar
                      (to vincent)
              i thought i told you not to get any ideas.


     high up the side of a building, washing windows, vincent pauses
     occasionally to practice typing commands on his cardboard keys -
     viewing a screen in his imagination - or the nightsky itself.
     he hears his name being called.

                           german
              vincent...vincent...

                           vincent
                      (staring through his glasses)
              german, is that you?

                           german
              vincent, come down.  i've found him.


