     int.  housing project - apartment.  night.

     jerome wheels eugene out of their housing project.  he takes in
     the neighborhood for the last time.  we focus on a poor couple
     cradling an infant.

                           jerome (vo)
              those parents who, for moral or, more likely
              economic reasons, refrain from tampering with
              their offspring's genetic makeup or who fail
              to abort a deprived fetus condemn their children
              to a life of routine discrimination.

     we glimpse other people in the neighborhood.  they appear poor
     but, for the most part, physically normal.  however a pall of
     gloom hangs over them.

                           jerome (vo)
              officially they are called "in-valids"*.  also
              known as "godchildren", "men-of-god", "faith births",
              "blackjack births", "deficients", "defectives",
              "genojunk", "ge-gnomes", "the fucked-up people".

     [* "in-valid" pronounced as in "an invalid license"]

                           jerome (vo)
              they are the "healthy ill".  they don't
              actually have anything yet - they may never.
              but since few of the pre-conditions can be
              cured or reversed, it is easier to treat them
              as if they were already sick.

     as they enter a car, driven by german, jerome spies a beautiful
     young girl, 11, sitting on the steps of the housing project,
     staring forlornly into space.  while there is no outward sign of
     any deficiency, she is somehow aware that she is damaged goods.

     jerome glances in the rearview mirror.

                           jerome (vo)
              by means of a donor i have cheated the
              system for the last four years to open doors
              that would otherwise be closed to me.

     jerome wheels eugene into the palatial condominium complex where
     the two men now reside.


