     int.  eugene's condominium.  night.

     the paraplegic eugene, seated by the window, meticulously cuts
     a long fingernail into numerous clippings.  he places the
     clippings in small plastic bags and seals them.  he then begins
     to fill tiny sachets with blood.  he turns as he hears jerome
     enter down the spiral staircase with the groceries.

                           eugene
              you didn't forget the truffles?

     jerome places the items in the refrigerator in the bathroom and
     retrieves a bottle of vodka - the vodka incongruous-looking
     beside the blood and urine specimens.  joining eugene at his
     workbench, he pours them both a drink.

                           eugene
                      (sensing something amiss, trying
                      to keep his humor)
              who died?

                           jerome
              the mission director.

                           eugene
                      (misinterpreting the deadpan remark)
              you wish.

                           jerome
              they found him in his office this morning--
              beaten so bad they had to check his nametag.

     eugene takes in the news, a smile broadening across his face.

                           eugene
              what an act of benevolence--a service to the
              community.  so that's it.  now there's nothing
              between you and ignition.

                           jerome
              he was still warm when they confirmed.

                           eugene
                      (confused by jerome's attitude)
              this calls for a celebration.  doesn't it?

                           jerome
              the place is crawling with hoovers.

                           eugene
              so what?  you didn't kill him, did you?

     jerome shoots him a glance for the inappropriate remark.

                           jerome
              that's not the point.

                           eugene
                      (scoffing)
              hey, how much of you can be there?  even if the
              "j. edgars" do find something, in a week--
                      (glancing up to the night sky)
              you'll be slightly out of their jurisdiction.
                      (gently chiding)
              come on, we've got to get drunk immediately.

                           jerome
                      (still tempering eugene's enthusiasm)
              you're going to have to earn your supper.  i've got
              my final physical tomorrow.

     jerome wheels eugene's chair to a specially constructed platform
     that allows the wheels to spin in mid-air.  jerome tapes an
     electrode to eugene's chest and attaches the wire to a slim
     recording device.  eugene begins to spin the wheel of the chair
     faster and faster.  jerome monitors eugene's steady heartbeat
     through a set of headphones.


