     ext.  in-valid housing project.  night.

     the music from the piano recital continues under the following
     contrasting action.  a huge, brooding housing project.  people
     hang around on street corners.  menace in the air - a feeling of
     impending violence.

     suddenly unmarked police cars appear from all directions,
     blocking any escape route.  dozens of plainclothes detectives
     pour out of the cars and onto the street.

     people scatter, many running straight into the arms of the
     detectives.  others, spilling out of the housing project, are
     also immediately apprehended.

     the detectives quickly weed out those suspects not fitting
     jerome's description - women, old men and teenagers.  they are
     shepherded off the street.  a line of in-valids is formed
     several hundred yards long.  detectives begin to laboriously
     move along the line, taking finger-prick blood samples from each
     suspect - instantly confirming their identities with portable
     analyzers worn on their hips.

     as if having the idea at the same time, two separate men
     suddenly bolt from the line, knowing that their blood will
     incriminate them.  other detectives, watching for such escape
     attempts, esaily apprehend them and escort them to a waiting
     police van.

     with the raid under control, detective hugo indicates to the
     investigator that it is safe to exit his car.  the investigator
     appears irritated, only half-glancing at the two men already in
     custody, apparently certain that neither one is his suspect.

                           detective hugo
                      (enthusiastic)
              not our fish, but sometihng stuck in the net.

     the investigator clearly does not share hugo's enthusiasm.  the
     detective offers the investigator an age enhanced photograph,
     computer-generated from the last existing photo of vincent as
     a 20-year-old.

                           detective hugo
              this is the age enhancement we're working with.

     the investigator ignores the photo, preferring instead to trust
     his own eye as he wanders along the line of suspects.

                           detective hugo
                      (referring to the line-up)
              as you requested, we've kept the parameters
              wider than usual.

     the men they scrutinize are hardly mutants - the differences
     between an in-valid and a dan are subtle at best.  some shorter,
     some wearing glasses, some with receding hairlines or bald, many
     with no discernable physical difference at all.  the
     investigator is only halfway down the line before he turns and
     starts walking back to his car.

     the mystified detective hugo follows his superior.

                           investigator
              we're in the wrong place.  we're wasting time.

                           detective hugo
              this is the most likely location--

     the investigator wheels on hugo, suddenly angry, clearly unused
     to having his judgement questioned.

                           investigator
              --there's that word again.  i have a feeling
              this man doesn't play the odds, detective.  not
              exactly a slave to probability.  is it "likely"
              that a man who has successfully eluded authorities for
              fifteen years--a brutal killer--is going to come
              to us now like a lamb?

                           detective hugo
                      (taken aback by the outburst)
              is there something more we should know about this
              suspect, sir?  i mean besides what's on his sheet.

                           investigator
              since going underground, traces of this in-valid
              have shown up at the scene of four serious
              felonies.  do you need any more than that?

                           detective hugo
              with respect, sir, many perfectly innocent
              citizens have left specimens at as many crime
              scenes.  maybe he's just unlucky.

                           investigator
              i don't like anybody this unlucky.
                      (pause)
              widen the sweep.  the west side.  draw a five mile
              radius around gattaca.  hoover some of the classier
              establishments.  random car stops.

                           detective hugo
              we're already getting complaints about
              frivolous search.

                           investigator
              this is a murder investigation.  the public
              should be happy to co-operate, to get this
              disease off the streets.


