88      ext. space - night                                          88

        the h.o.g. arches away. the whale in mid-air, stops
        rising, starts falling.

                          guide voice
                  it is important to note that suddenly, and
                  against all probability, a sperm whale had
                  been called into existence several miles
                  above the surface of an alien planet. and
                  since this is not a naturally tenable
                  position for a whale, this innocent
                  creature had very little time to come to
                  terms with its identity as a whale before
                  it then had to come to terms with suddenly
                  not being a whale any more. this is what
                  it thought as it fell.

        the camera moves around the whale as it falls.



                                                     (continued)

8                                                            78.
                        hhgg 3rd revised draft 8/8/03


    4   continued:                                                     84
                             whale (v.o.)
                     ahhhh!!!! what's happening? excuse me! who
                     am i? hello? why am i here? what's my
                     purpose in life? what do i mean by who am
                     i? what is this 'i' that i want to know
                     what it is? calm down, get a grip now ...
                     ooh! this is an interesting sensation...

        angle: from below. the whale is wriggling a bit.

                             whale (v.o.) (cont'd)
                     oh! this is an interesting sensation,
                     what is it? it's a sort of... yawning,
                     tingling sensation in ... well i suppose i'd
                     better start finding names for things if i
                     want to make any headway in what for the
                     sake of what i shall call an argument i
                     shall call the world, so let's call it my
                     stomach! good. ooooh! it's getting quite
                     strong now. and hey,what's this whistling
                     roaring sound going past what i'm suddenly
                     going to call my head? perhaps i can call
                     that ... wind! is that a good name? it'll
                     do. perhaps i can give it a better name
                     later when i've found out what it's for!
                     it must be very important because there
                     certainly seems to be an awful lot of it.
                     hey! what's this thing ... this ... let's call
                     it a tail - yeah! tail!

        the whale thrashes its tail. between the camera and the
        whale drops the bowl of petunias. it falls from sight.

                             whale (v.o.) (cont'd)
                     hey! i can really thrash it about pretty
                     good, can't i? wow! wow! doesn't seem to
                     achieve much but i'll probably find out
                     what it's for later on. how. have i built
                     up a coherent picture of things yet?
                     no. never mind. hey, this is really
                     exciting, so much to find out about, ao
                     much to look forward to, i'm quite dizzy
                     with anticipation ... or is it the wind?
                     there really is an awful lot of that now,
                     isn't there?

        it's eye tries to look down. camera pulls back from the
        whale, abandoning it ...

                             whale (v.o.) (cont'd)
                     and hey! what's this thing coming
                     suddenly coming towards me very fast, so
                     big and flat and round it needs a big
                     wide-sounding name like ... ow ... ound...round
                     ... ground! that's it, ground! i wonder if
                     it'll be friends with me?

        we hear a sickening thud o.s.


                                                        (continued)

8                                                            79.
                       hhgg 3rd revised draft 8/8/03


    4   continued:                                                    84

                                   guide voice
                     curiously, the only thing that went
                     through the mind of the bowl of petunias
                     as it fell was "oh no, not again."

        we hear the petunia vase shattering.

                             guide voice (cont'd)
                     many have speculated that if we knew why
                     the bowl of petunias had thought that we
                     would know a lot more about the nature of
                     the universe than we do now.

                                                       dissolve to:

