101      ext. deep space (factory floor) - continuous                     101

         the transport cart continues toward the 3rd planet.

                              slartibartfast
                      here we are, then. look familiar?

         arthur turns and looks. there before him is...

1                                                             91.
                       hhgg 3rd revised draft 8/8/03


    o1a   earth -- arthur is thunderstruck...then confused.           101a

                            arthur
                    so -- it wasn't destroyed?

                            slartibartfast
                    actually, it was. this is a back-up.
                    earth mark ii.

                            arthur
                    so you're saying you ... made the earth?

                            slartibartfast
                    well, not me alone. it was a group
                    effort. i did my part, though. ever heard
                    of a place, i think it's called norway?

101b      arthur nods. the cart pushes through the clouds, towards    101b
          ayers rock. a guy on a ladder is painting it it's
          familiar red color. some of it is still primer grey.

                            slartibartfast (cont'd)
                    that was one of mine. won an award you
                    know. lovely crinkly edges. i was sorry
                    to hear about it being blown up. shocking
                    cock up. the mice were furious.

                              arthur
                    mice?    who cares about bloody mice?

                            slartibartfast
                    are you a fan of plate tectonics?

          arthur looks up.   slartibartfast points down.

101c      another man pushes a button causing mountains to spring     101c
          up noisily.

                             slartibartfast (cont'd)
                    voila!   himalayas. good, eh?

          arthur is working very hard to process all this.

101d      jump cut. they move through a forest where a man presses    101d
          a lever making several mushrooms pop up on the ground.

                            slartibartfast (cont'd)
                    earthman, you must realize that the planet
                    you lived on was commissioned, paid for,
                    and run by mice. it was destroyed shortly
                    before the completion of the purpose for
                    which it was built. ten minutes later, we
                    would have been free and clear. but we
                    gave them our standard ten million year
                    warranty and they have come here to
                    retrieve this back-up copy. and they've
                    brought you with them.

          the transport cart flies out of forest toward the ocean.



                                                        (continued)

1                                                                92.
                         hhgg 3rd revised draft 8/8/03


    01d   continued:                                                     101d
                             arthur
                    they brought...i'm sorry, when you say
                    "mice" do you mean the little white furry
                    creatures with the cheese fixation?

                               slartibartfast
                       these creatures you call "mice" are merely
                       the protrusion into our dimension of hyper-
                       intelligent pan-dimensional beings. the
                       whole business with the cheese must've
                       been a front. they were experimenting on
                       you, you see. a vast computer program...

                               arthur
                       ah. i see where you're confused.    you see
                       -- we were experimenting on them.

101e      over the ocean, a "perfect storm" wave rolls toward them.      101e

                               slartibartfast
                       oh, i gather they arranged for you to
                       conduct some primitively staged
                       experiments so they could prod your
                       thinking here and there. but you were
                       actually elements in the computer program.
                       they really are very clever hyper-
                       intelligent pan-dimensional beings.
                          (looking down)
                       ah. they've nearly finished the oceans.

101f      they move toward the white cliffs of dover. a man stands       101f
          on a cliff holding a giant hose, water spewing from it.

                               arthur
                       so -- you're trying to tell me that mice
                       designed and built deep thought...and deep
                       thought designed the earth...which was a
                       giant supercomputer...that you built...to
                       calculate the ultimate question. only,
                       vogons destroyed it ten minutes before the
                       program was completed?

                               slartibartfast
                       that's bureaucracy for you.

                               arthur
                       actually, this explains a lot. all my
                       life i've had this strange feeling that
                       something was going on in the world,
                       something big, something sinister ...

                               slartibartfast
                       that's just perfectly normal paranoia.
                       everyone in the universe has that.

