int. bl-4 locker room
ford, naked, slips on his suit with the ease of joe
montana pulling on his helmet. he buckles the suit with-
out even looking, as if he's done it five thousand times.
fade up the sound of rushing air and...
                                            cut to:

gillespie's bl-4 lab
ford steps out of the air lock, disconnects his red hose
and reconnects. he moves quickly across the room. sud-
denly, his air tube snags on the side of the lab bench.
ford stops, freaked. quickly checks his hose. indented,
but not broken. he breathes again.
                                            (continued)

                                                         34.
continued:
                        ford
          the world is round, gillespie.
          didn't anybody fucking teach you?
he grabs a metal file off the tool board and files down
the side of the bench until it's perfectly smooth and
round. then moves on to...
one of the huge circular freezers    in the center of the
lab. he punches in a seven-digit     code on the keypad and
the lock snaps open. he lifts the     heavy lid. vapor
rushes out. he looks inside, sees     the 65 aluminum test
tubes labeled "motaba."
                                               cut to:


negative pressure hood - ford - minutes later
opening one test tube after another, expertly withdrawing
from each only a tiny sample of the virus, then putting it
into a large test tube. suddenly --
the air lock opens and three bl-4 figures approach ford.
we recognize the tall lean figure although he's 35 years
older: mcclintock, now a lieutenant general. ford hands
him the large test tube.
                        ford
          tell the boys the old man wants
          the answer tonight.
                        mcclintock
          yes, sir.
mcclintock places the test tube into a clear plexiglass
container which is contained within a large plexiglass
container, each with its own combination lock. he twirls
the tumblers. the locks snap into place.
                                               cut to:

gila monster
its eyes darting back and forth, ever watchful, trusting
nothing.

