int. gillespie's living room - night
fade up the voice of a man singing along with the great
tenor. continue panning over the room: the skull gives
way to a full skeleton wearing a star-spangled red-white-
and-blue bow-tie and carrying an umbrella over its fore-
arm. continue past the oak rolltop desk.
mike gillespie, about 40, keeps singing as he reads
through a lengthy typed report, making notes in the
margin.
luciano hits a high c. gillespie reaches for it... and
misses badly. dogs whine o.s., probably in closer
harmony to luciano than gillespie. he's not pleased.
                        gillespie
          i rescue you from certain death
          and instead of gratitude, you mock
          me.
his two wolfhounds, olser and harvey, grovel on the floor
contritely, each with a worn shoe in his mouth. behind
them we see the rest of gillespie's living/dining room.
his townhouse is spartan; it needs a woman's touch. un-
packed boxes stand in the corner beside a treadmill.
                        gillespie
          that can't go unpunished. no
          letterman for three nights.
the dogs wag the running shoes.
                                           cut to:

old creek park (frederick, maryland) - night
gillespie, puffing, a weekend runner, strains to keep up
with the dogs. they bark excitedly.
                                           (continued)

                                                         9.
continued:
                         gillespie
                  (reaching into his
                   pockets)
          okay!   okay!
without breaking stride, he throws what look like sticks
high into the air. the dogs jump and catch the objects in
their mouths and race back to gillipsie.
we see they're old stethoscopes with thick rubber tubing.
gillespie lets them fly again. he laughs at their eager-
ness and keeps running, sprinting now, trying to prove to
himself that he's still young. suddenly -- a phone rings.
without breaking stride, he pulls a cellular phone from
his pocket:

                        gillespie
                 (into phone)
          dr. gillespie... how many dead?...

