     int. great hall - day

     nell and theo stand behind marrow and luke across from the 
     fireplace.  theo glances at nell.  nell is shaken.

     marrow nods to luke, and they start forward together, marrow among 
     the furniture to the left, luke down the right side.

     the iron screens hang silent in the fireplace, black, impenetrable.
     marrow and luke come up on either side, luke ducking this way and 
     that trying to get a glimpse through the mesh.

     they stop before it, neither breathing, both listening.  marrow 
     steps forward and pulls one screen aside far enough to look in.  
     darkness.

     nell and theo watch, apprehensive.

                               nell
                   jim...

     marrow sticks his head into the fireplace.  for a long moment, 
     nothing happens.

     in the fireplace: pitch darkness.  marrow feels up the chimney.

     and then something swings down right in front of his face!  marrow
     doesn't flinch.

     he flings back the screen, revealing the only things in the 
     fireplace: two massive andirons, and the still-swinging flue.  it's 
     cast-iron, forged in the shape of a lion's head.

     luke throws back the other screen.  theo comes over.  nell follows.
     there's nothing else in the fireplace.

     luke and theo stare at nell.  marrow squats to study the hearth.  
     the large iron ash-drop is coated in soot.

     not a mark on it.  he opens it.  inside, a glimpse of ashes and 
     charred wood.  marrow stands, looks at nell.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   somebody was in here.  i saw him.

     marrow looks at her, not sure what to believe.  nell turns to luke 
     and theo for help.  not from that corner.  then nell remembers, 
     reaches into her pocket and produces the keys.  she holds them up to 
     luke.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   are these yours?  i found them 
                   right over there.

                               luke
                   who drives a toyota?

     theo shakes her head.  they aren't marrow's.  marrow takes the keys 
     from nell, turns them over.

                               theo
                   maybe they're mary's.

                               marrow
                   mary came with me.

                               nell
                   when i first got here i saw a gray 
                   car pull up.  i thought it was one 
                   of us.

