     int. greenhouse - night (continuous)

     -- the greenhouse where she slips on the marble.  she kicks the door
     shut behind her and lunges for the spiral staircase, her horror
     driving her up and up, setting the rickety thing swinging.  we hear
     what nell hears, the voices of children.

                               voices of children
                   help us... help us...

                               nell
                   i'm here... i'm here... i'm coming 
                   to you, i'm coming to you...

     nell climbs higher and higher into the dark reaches above.

     as she climbs: through the greenhouse windows we see the night sky,
     the clouds driven by the wind, the moon, old vines wrapped aroud the
     skin of the greenhouse... and the shapes and shadows of the vines 
     seem to shift as if it was alive...

     nell reaches the landing.  the stair case rolls back and forth 
     beneath her.  a beat.  and then bam!  the door slams open below.

                               marrow (oc)
                   nell!  nell, are you in here?

     nell can only manage sobbing relief.

                               luke (oc)
                   look, the stairs!

     nell drags herself to the hand rail.  marrow, luke and theo rush 
     into view below.

     they all react to the sight of nell at the precarious top -- with 
     her insanely happy smile.  they think she's there to kill herself.  
     just like rene crain.

     they all freak out in a chorus of 'nell!  no, nell!'

                               marrow
                   nell!  don't move.

     nell couldn't anyway.  she just grins madly, tears running down her
     face.  marrow grabs for the stairs, but they shift under nell's
     movement from up above.

                               luke
                   it's not going to hold your 
                   weight.

                               marrow
                   just stay there, nell!

     marrow mounts the stairs.  the metal support rods sing out under his
     weight.  and the whole thing pitches, rolling around as he goes up.
     five feet.  ten feet.  fifteen feet up.  the sway gets wilder as he 
     goes.

     at twenty feet, with twenty more to go to reach nell, he stops.  the
     stairs buck, sway out dizzily.  and then to his dismay, he realizes
     he's on the wrong side of the double helix staircase.

                               marrow (cont'd)
                   damn it.

     he straddles the rail to climb over to the other half.

                               luke
                   don't!

     the sudden shift is too much for the old stairs.  the support rods
     crease and then the whole enormous column of steel from where marrow
     is standing to the ground bursts from its supports.

     luke shoves theo aside, and the bottom half of the stairs spirals 
     out in a massive, deafening collapse.  marrow's cellular phone falls 
     out of his pocket and shatters in hundred pieces across the floor.

     the top half of the stairs remains, still hanging from the ceiling.
     nell grips the railing at the top.

     marrow hangs there by one hand over the razor tangle of steel below.
     he flails out for the other stairway, swings himself over to it.  it
     takes a moment for him to realize he almost just died.  a moment of
     paralysis.  this is no longer an experiment.  no longer fun and 
     games.

                               marrow
                   nell?  are you up there?

     there she is.  marrow forces himself to start climbing the shaky
     stairs.  luke and theo watch from below, tense.

     then he's there.  nell stands a mere arm's length from him on the 
     other side of the railing.

                               marrow (cont'd)
                   come on, nell.  you have to climb 
                   over and step back on the stairs.

     nell barely seems to hear him.  instead she looks at the deforming
     support rods around her.  we hear the voices of the children, 
     calling to her.

                               marrow (cont'd)
                   nell!  now!

     theo, on the ground, calls up to nell.

                               theo
                   nell, go with him!  just go with 
                   him.

     nell refocuses on him and then gingerly climbs over the railing.  
     she hangs there.  she looks down at the tangled steel below...

                               nell
                   the children want me.  they're 
                   calling me.  they need me.

                               marrow
                   nell.  you will come here now.

     nell looks up at him, hazy.

     and then behind marrow: the shifting clouds, the moon, the vines... 
     and suddenly all these random elements behind him form a dark 
     hideous face and in front of it a hand, and the hand is rushing 
     forward to push marrow off the steps.

     after we scream, nell screams.

                               nell
                   no!

     and as marrow falls forward, pushed by the force behind him, nell
     grabs him... he is caught on the rail... as she has reached out to 
     him, now she has fallen into thin air, and she falls towards marrow, 
     and they hold each other.  she has a hand... then a foot... she 
     slips... she holds on again... and reaches the staircase.  she grabs 
     on.

     a moment's peace... and then a new disaster: with a metallic pop pop
     pop the support rods spring from their anchors and the rest of the
     stairwell next to them drops to the ground in a catastrophic
     shattering of sound.

     marrow looks behind him, to whatever it was that nell saw over his
     shoulder.  he looks back at her.  her eyes are closed, she won't 
     open them.

                               marrow
                   we're going down the stairs, nell, 
                   i'm taking you down the stairs.

     he leads her go down the stairs.

