     int. grand staircase/great hall - night

     close on the brass griffins that guard the staircase.

     behind nell's back they all turn toward her, follow her with their
     eyes as nell enters the great hall.  and they cower in fear for what 
     is about to happen.  again nell call's out for theo and marrow.

     and nell doesn't see the scores of tiny arms of children that fold 
     out from the carvings in the high backed chairs in the hall as nell
     carefully avoids stepping on the skulls and bones of the children 
     that cover the floor.

     horrifyingly alive are these tiny hands as reach out for her hair
     after she passes.  we're screaming as they almost have her... and 
     nell steps away.

     and then... creak... creak... creak...

     the terrified animal heads on the balustrade, their eyes flash in
     fear.  the lions above the big fireplace snarl restlessly.

     cherubim, afraid, clasp hands.  gods and men pay unwilling witness 
     to what is now coming down the stairs.

     the upper flight of stairs strains under the weight of the thing
     coming down, over our heads, coming down, down... and now at the
     landing.  the sound stops.

     nell's breath escapes, visible in the cold as she watches, rooted to
     the floor in the grand entry.

     darkness against darkness.  something blocks the glint of the gilded
     frame up on the landing.  something huge.  a beat.

     and then a shadow sweeps across the scene, impenetrable, darkening 
     the stairs, wiping them from sight, like something gliding down 
     them.

     before our eyes, out of the most subtle variation of shadow, 
     flickers into existence:

     the shape, tall, eight or nine feet, featureless, black, but in the
     proportions of an enormous man with his head bowed, shoulders 
     stooped.  and just like that, all it is...

     ...is a well of darkness and night once again.  we don't even know 
     for sure what we just saw.  but it is still there in that bar of 
     shadow.

     nell goes rigid, not breathing, not seeing anything but the awful
     presence.  she is spellbound.

     bang.  a door in the connecting passage opens, and theo and marrow 
     come out, between nell in the entry and the thing in the great hall 
     beyond.

     in a flash the shape is moving at theo and marrow.  they don't see 
     it, have their backs turned.

                               theo
                   nell!  there you --

     but nell is looking past them.  they see her face and turn around.

                               nell
                   nooo, not them!

     what is coming at them makes the blood stop.

     the shape rushes from the great hall, vanishing as it crosses the
     pools of moonlight, reforming darker as it hits shadow again, its 
     wake like a shockwave, invisible itself, but visible in its effects:

     theo screams.  marrow stumbles back.  and then nell's voice rings 
     out:

                               nell (cont'd)
                   is this where she bashed your 
                   brains in?

     the onrushing presence stops.  seems to turn its attention to nell,
     standing there before the towering front doors.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   when you came in the door?  i bet 
                   that was the last thing you 
                   expected.  right?  from carolyn?
                          (beat)
                   you thought, oh, carolyn, i've 
                   taken it all out of her, you 
                   thought, oh, carolyn, she's no 
                   threat.  carolyn.  great grandma 
                   carolyn.  did you know that?

     nell shows no fear.  there's a ferocious edge to her voice.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   she found out what you did, and 
                   she knew there was only one way to 
                   stop you.  and she stopped you, so 
                   you couldn't torture anymore of 
                   the living.
                          (beat)
                   but you wouldn't even let go of 
                   the dead, would you?  well, now 
                   i'm here.  they called me.  did 
                   you know that?  they've been 
                   crying out for help for a long 
                   time.  and i heard them.

     she points out at the human remains strewn all over the great hall.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   and i won't let you hurt them 
                   anymore.

     the shape hovers there, silent.  air and shadow distort around it.  
     the carved animal heads on the newell posts and walls loll back and 
     forth, alive then not-alive.  pieces of furniture stamp in fury, try 
     to animate themselves, but can't find limbs that work.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   come on, hugh crain, you know what 
                   to do.  we've both been here 
                   before.

     the shape howls forward, knocking everyone out of their seats.  it
     flies across the floor at nell.

     marrow and theo are slammed against the walls out of its way.

     nell opens wide her arms in an embrace.

     it's on her, but just as it seems to hit, it splits like she went
     right through it.  the shape and all the debris in its wake impacts
     deep in the enormous doors.

     the carved woodwork seems to suck it all in, cracking, groaning.  
     and then all the screams are cut off.

     nell stands there with her arms spread.  a long moment.

     she opens her eyes.

     and then the woodwork lashes out, grabs her from behind, slams her
     back against the doors.  the blow has killed her.

     we feel her bones break as she crumples, is drawn into the woodwork.

     and for a few seconds nell's body just hangs there... and then it
     gently falls down.

     theo lets out a horrified cry as she runs toward nell.

                               theo
                   nell!

     marrow gets up off the floor in terror and awe, his life his 
     beliefs changed forever.  he walks over to nell and feels her pulse, 
     knowing it is a useless gesture as theo softly moans over nell.

     and as the camera pans up across the entry door, we see a new 
     carving in the sculpted doors.  it is a woman and as we move in we 
     can see that she wears the same necklace as nell...

