     int. theo's room - night (continuous)

     -- into theo's room.  thump bump bump.  nell finds theo right in 
     front of her, hair wet, kneeling in the bed, clutching her covers to
     herself.

                               theo
                   what is it!?

     the sound grows nearer.  out in the hall.  like something searching.
     coming toward them.

     nell lunges at the door.  theo grabs to stop her, and nell sees the
     door is deadbolted.  there's a rushing sound on the other side of 
     the tall door.  right there.  nell freezes.  bump!  bump!

                               theo (cont'd)
                   nell!

     nell recoils to theo's side, drags theo out of bed to the corner of
     the room.

     nell and theo stare out at us in terror.  bump.  bump.  bump.  bump.

     nell and theo's eyes travel over the walls, following whatever it is
     which now seems to be moving out here in the theater.

     the sound moves along the wall to the right, reaching its loudest as
     it crosses the back of the theater, then seems to come down the left
     side.

     theo shivers.  nell clutches her close.  nell writhes, unable to 
     stand it any longer.  she jumps up.

                               theo (cont'd)
                   nell!

     nell charges the door, screaming:

                               nell
                   no!

     silence.  the bumping goes dead.  nell blinks, looks back at theo.  
     but theo is looking at her hands.

                               theo (cont'd)
                   cold.  oh, god.  feel it.

     she looks up in horror at nell.  their breath fogs in the air.  nell
     holds her hand up in front of her, and as we watch her hair prickles
     up, goosebumps with them.

     her eyes turn up to the door, and: bambabambam babba bam!  the door
     jars in its frame, leaping from the blows of whatever's on the other
     side.

     nell backpedals but slips on the rug, falls there on the floor right
     in front of the door.  theo screams.

     silence.  the banging stops.  with a rush, whatever is outside the 
     door is no longer there.

     nell looks at theo.

     then theo looks at the bathroom.

     nell starts for it, grabs theo's door, but it's designed to be 
     locked from the bathroom side.  nell looks up --

