     ext. family cemetery - day (continuous)

     -- the tiny crain family cemetery.  nell catches herself.  a small
     swinging gate bars the way.  she hesitates.

     nine moss-covered headstones show the wear of a long century.  eight
     small headstones, one large one.  a half dozen unmarked stones in 
     the grass: stillbirths.

     nell is drawn into the graveyard.  the large stone is rene crain's.  
     the smaller ones are her children's.

     nell's heart is breaking as she moves among them: the various names.
     one reads adam crain april 5th 1874 -- ... the rest of the date is
     covered by growth.  she clears it away.  april 6th, 1874.

                               nell
                   only two days.

     there is an epitaph, almost wiped out by lichens.  nell kneels to 
     read it.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   the blest are the dead / who see 
                   not the sight / of their own 
                   desolation...

     nell, disturbed but not knowing what to make of it, rises from the
     gravestone, turns to the next.  elisa crain august 21st, 1878 -- she
     clears it away: august 21, 1878.  the blasphemous epitaph here:

                               nell (cont'd)
                   a father's joy unjustly snatch'd 
                   by a jealous god...

     nell is shaken, and dreading what she will find next, whirls to the
     one behind her: wendy crain january 1 , 1880 -- she clears it away 
     -- january 1, 1880.  and its graven commandment, so familiar, so
     comforting, now rings with terrible, malevolent promise:

                               nell (cont'd)
                   suffer the little children unto 
                   me.

     there are three more grave stones, and after clearing away the 
     brush, they too show that the babies died after a few hours, or a 
     day.  there's the same symbol on the graves of the children, a 
     cherub of death.  we've seen this image before.  nell backs out of 
     the cemetery, afraid.

