     int. nell's room - night

     nell closes the door and sits at the vanity brushing out her hair 
     for bed.  her motions are languid in the light of the single small 
     lamp, off-balance with the wine.

     her hair brushes out in long, even strokes.  the brush moves through
     it, lifting it and letting it fall.

     in the mirror the brush draws through nell's hair, but as it does, 
     the hair divides in its wake like fingers running through it.

     nell freezes.  she's not sure what she just saw.  she runs the brush
     through again, and again it is as if something pulls it back from 
     her head.

     again -- fast -- she runs the brush through her hair, and this time
     the hair spins up in a knot.

     nell flinches, dropping the brush, knocking the shade of the lamp on
     the vanity a-wobbling.

     she's out of the chair in a flash, grabbing her own hair, staring at
     the space behind her.  nothing there.  a beat.

     she steadies herself, feeling the alcohol.  gets control.

     the tiffany lamp rocks back and forth, crystal beads shimmering.  
     the light plays across the fireplace and mantle on the wall.  and 
     something there catches her eye.

     nell feels her way across the room, not sure of what she's seeing.
     over the sound of the wind outside, there's something at the very
     highest edge of hearing.

     she stops five feet from the mantle.  the swaying light catches the
     rich tones of wood.  then darkens.  illuminates it again.  darkens.  
     the carvings of the playing children in the wood seem to move.

     nell stares in drunken fascination.  and as the first fear begins to
     rise in her throat, the wind dies down and in its place there is the
     faintest trace of children's laughter.  nell's reaction changes... 
     to awe.

     tentative, her hand goes out, shaking... and touches the mantle.

     it is hard and still.  no movement whatsoever.  silence.  but the 
     faces engraved in the wood all seem to be peering up at her, hands
     outstretched for her, hopeful.

