     int. nell's room - night

     nell lies in her bed asleep, the room dark except for the last,
     guttering end of one of the candles.  it goes out.

     a faint sound.  long, low, like the inarticulate murmur of a dozen
     madmen.  nell stirs.  her eyes open.  she hears the sound.

     the wall on the opposite side of the room catches the pale gloom 
     from the window.  the twisting figures in the plaster, the low-
     relief, the shadows they make seem to come together as an eye.  
     black.  not human.  the woodwork around it like some half-face.

     the gibbering begins to rise.

     out of the corner of her eye she can see a form beside her in the 
     bed.

     nell's mouth moves.  she manages to form words, but it's just a
     whisper.

                               nell
                   theo...

     nell reaches out under the covers.

     her hand is suddenly grasped.

     the eye on the wall stares.  the babbling, liquid, deep voice 
     mounts, and as the shadows move ever so slowly, the eye seems to 
     roam over the room.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   oh, god.  it's looking for me.

     and then the babbling stops.  nell grimaces in pain.  she tries to 
     look at theo, but it's far too dark right there beside her.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   theo, my hand.  you're hurting me.

     in the place of the babbling, another sound.  high-pitched, drawn-
     out.  a child's cry.  nell reacts.

     the cry wails louder, coming through the wall.  it's a wail of 
     agony.  a wail not of this earth.  nell struggles, racked between 
     the pain in her hand and the tortured child's cry.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   a child.  no.  no!  i'm right 
                   here!

     the eye focusses on her.  dead on her.  nell stops.  and with sudden
     violence, she's wrenched out of the bed by whatever's beside her.  
     nell hits the floor with a scream.  she grabs at the table on this 
     side of the bed, pulling a lamp down on her, yanking at its chain.

     the room flashes into brilliance.  nell stands up, panting... there 
     is nothing in the room.  no theo.  she looks at her hand.

     the eye on the wall is gone.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   oh, god.  who was holding my hand?

     nell snaps around.  there on the window, spreading before her eyes 
     the frost on the glass is melting into a horrifying face.  the face 
     of crain.

     nell recoils in prickling fear.  living fear.  then her fear turns 
     to rage.  in the blink of an eye there's a heavy ashtray in her 
     hand, and it's flying at the window.

                               nell (cont'd)
                   i will not let you hurt a child!

     the window bashes out into the night, the face vanishing with a howl
     of air.

