      int. engine room -

      a torrent of water engulfs the engineer and crewmen when the worm
      bursts/drills through the hull. as they scream, drowning -

      a crewman on the gantry scrambles up, one step ahead of the water,
      through a bulkhead, into -

      generator room - (continuous)

      where the crewman and two operators struggle to close the door
      against the water.

                              senior operator
                       (on the intercom)
                 we've been hit! we're taking water!

      the bridge -

      alarms sound! red lights flash!

                              damage control
                 flooding in the engine room!

                              first officer
                 get me damage reports! start the pumps!

                              second officer
                       (holding out a ship's phone)

                 it's the captain -

      passageway #1 -

      on a phone, outside the ship's gym, deep in the hull:

                              the captain
                 what the hell is going on?!?

                              first officer
                       (intercut if necessary)
                 i think we've been holed, sir!

                              the captain
                 on my way!

      he speeds along the passageway, going through a water-tight door,
      slamming it behind him. meanwhile, on -

      the bridge -

                              helmsman
                 the engines are gone!

                              damage control
                 flooding on d deck!

                              first officer
                 sound the general alarm! seal all
                 compartments!

      as the second officer grabs the intercom -

                              second officer (into intercom)
                 attention all hands -

      crew's mess -

      the crew members look up from their meals -

                              second officer (continuing)
                 proceed to emergency stations -

      generator room -

      the men have closed the door, but... hear a high-pitched whining,
      grinding sound from the other side. they exchange a quizzical look;
      they don't know what to make of it, when:

      bang! the door explodes inward - and a high-pressured stream of
      water blasts in, blowing them back against the walls.

      bridge -

      the lights go out! everyone is scrambling:

                              systems officer
                 we've lost power!

                              first officer
                 go to back up generators!

                              second officer (into intercom)
                 repeat: seal all compartments, and -

      crew's mess -

      in the dim lighting -

                              second officer (on intercom)
                 proceed to emergency stations at once!

      the men start to move, but halt at a humming sound. they look
      around: where is it coming from?

      suddenly a three foot section of the deck explodes in a fountain of
      water. the men are swept off their feet.

      passageway/gantry #2 -

      as the captain rushes up the steps, he turns around, reacting to a
      grinding noise -

      captain's pov - the closed water-tight door -

      boom! water blasts through, like 1000 fire hydrants turned on full.

      with terror in his eyes, the captain sprints up the rest of the
      stairs, through a water-tight door, into:

      passageway #3 -

      where the captain secures the door behind him, and rushes away.

      the bridge -

      a desperate battle continues:

                              damage control
                 flooding on c-deck!

                              first officer
                 where the hell are those generators?

                              systems engineer
                 coming up, sir!

                              first officer
                 get those pumps working!

      battery room -

      a crewman hurriedly flips switches. the lights flicker... and just
      as they some to life, brightly -

      the door bursts open, and a wall of water and debris blows in,
      destroying everything in its wake.

      the bridge -

      lights out! a sense of helplessness is beginning to fill the room:

                              systems control
                 the back-up is gone!

                              damage officer
                 flooding up to b-deck!

                              helmsman
                 we can't hold out much longer, sir!

      all eyes are on the first officer. will he save them?

                              first officer
                 where the hell is the captain?!?!

      the captain (passageway #3) -

      running, the captain is about to reach the exit door. hearing the
      relentless grinding behind him, he throws a look over his shoulder:

      bam! the entrance door explodes in a thunderball of water.

      the captain clambers through the exit door to:

      passageway #4 -

      a short hall: he shuts the entrance door, runs to the exit. he
      looks hack again:

      bam! the door blasts open - and the torrent of water continues the
      chase, as if it's got a personal vendetta against him. he exits to:

      passageway #5 -

      slamming the door behind him, the captain looks ahead, and up:

      stairs. an open door at the top.

      he throws a look back:

      the entrance door is beginning to hum and vibrate.

      sprinting for his life, the captain rushes up the stairs, two at a
      time. the humming behind him grows louder. he glances back:

      the door blasts open. water shoots in.

      he rushes up the last four steps, just as -

      ca-chunk! the exit door slams closed in front of him!

      with panic in his eyes, the captain turns to face the oncoming
      tsunami! we cut to:

      the worm's pov - (underwater, int. passageway #5)

      moving like a shark... toward the captain's legs, dead ahead in the
      water. as it closes in for the kill -

      the bridge -

      shifts, suddenly, to the stern. a confusion of anxious voices:

                              helmsman
                 slipping to stern!

                              damage officer
                 all major compartments flooded!

      with all hands still awaiting orders -

      the room lurches as the bow rises! papers fly! men slide! the
      first officer has no choice:

                              first officer
                 abandon ship! break radio silence!
                 send our position!

      insert - computer screen -

      the communications officer types: "top secret. indian ocean naval
      command. h.m.s. indomitable sinking."

                              communications officer
                       (calling out)
                 what's our position?

                              gps officer
                       (reading off his screen)
                 one hundred degrees, thirty-one
                 minutes, and seven seconds east, by
                 two degrees, twenty-nine minutes, ten
                 seconds, north.

      as he types, the room lurches again, tilting more to the stern.

      the captain - (staircase, passageway #5)

      as the passageway shifts, tilting to the stern, the captain screams
      and whoosh! - is sucked down into the water - the worm's vortex -
      like meat being fed into a cuisinart: a churning, spinning death.

