      int. penthouse boardroom - dusk

      a chinese chop comes down firmly on a legal document. general li (of
      the people's revolutionary army) is seated with a squad of lawyers:

                              general li
                 and that is the fifth document. with
                 your counter-signature, the sale will
                 be complete.

      the document is passed across to harmsway, sitting with his own legal
      counsel. one of the men is whispering to him, intensely:

                              young chinese lawyer
                 are you sure? if we waited -

      harmsway waves the lawyer off, silencing him. addresses the general:

                              harmsway
                 general li: my young associate here
                 has just informed me that if i waited
                 a year, i could perhaps receive a
                 higher price for this building.
                       (beat, wryly)
                 he has great faith in hong kong. as did
                 my ancestors. with obvious results.

      nervous chuckles around the table, but the general is reserved.

                              harmsway (cont'd)
                 yet to sell this building for more
                 money - to profiteer - would run counter
                 to the chinese sprit of guanchi - mutual
                 trust and obligation; it would violate
                 the ancient principles of feng shui -
                       (beat)
                 - the reason we sign five documents
                 instead of an unlucky four, and why this
                 building has a fifth, non-functioning
                 ventilation shaft on its roof.
                       (beat)
                 wind and water, fire and rain, earth
                 and sky - feng shui. all things - at
                 one, in balance, with nature.

                              general li
                 ...most eloquently put, sir elliot.

                              harmsway
                 thank you, general li. now i'll just
                 sign this last document -

      he puts the pen to the paper, and breaks the pen. alarmed looks.

                              harmsway (cont'd)
                 terribly sorry. mr. stamper?

      from behind, stamper hands him a pen. harmsway innocently starts to
      sign in red ink -

                              general li
                 sir elliot! red ink -

                              harmsway
                 of course! how foolish. more bad
                 luck. i'll just borrow yours -

      he takes general li's pen, and signs his name with a flourish.

