      ext. desolate mountain range - high angle - dawn

      super: the khyber pass, afghanistan

      we're looking down at what used to be called "the end of the known
      world." a landscape that is both beautiful, and forbidding.

      in the center of this vista, there is a deep ravine.

      pushing in on the ravine, there appears to be a giant icicle hanging
      over a cliff:

      an ice fall. a 600 foot waterfall whose face is frozen solid.

      pushing in still closer, there is a tiny black dot inching its way up
      the ice. a human figure. this is:

      james bond, british secret service agent, 007.

      bond is sweating and straining, four hundred feet in the air. he has
      an ice-pick tethered to each hand, ice-cleats on his boots. a black
      backpack. as he climbs, spider-like, pulling himself up, he goes to
      jam a cleat into the ice, but -

      crack! a 50 foot stiletto of ice breaks off, crashing onto the rocks
      below. regaining his foothold, bond looks down: certain death. he
      looks up: so very, very, far to go. bond shakes his head:

                              bond
                 there has to be an easier way to earn
                 a living.

      still, bond climbs. huffing, sweating, he goes up, and up, until -

      another angle -

      he's 25 feet from the top. he drives a first ice pick in. gets a
      toehold. but when he slams the second pick in -

      the ice wall shatters, falling away in front of him. in the shock -

      bond loses his grip on the first ice pick -

      and 007 is now dangling, 575 feet in the air, staring at a torrent of
      water - hanging only by the leather thread around his wrist, attached
      to the first ice-pick, still embedded in the wall.

      bond pauses. thinks. and coolly begins to swing himself back and
      forth, in widening arcs, like a clock's pendulum.

      at the high point of his swing, bond reaches back to smash his other
      pick into the ice - but misses. he looks up at:

      the first ice pick, still embedded in the wall -

      beginning to work its way out. the tether, fraying.

      return on bond -

      cautiously, 007 begins to swing a second time. once. twice. and on
      the third arc, he swings the ice-pick viciously - but misses again.

      angle on the first ice pick, still embedded in the wall -

      now jutting downward, barely holding. the tether is almost totally
      frayed through.

      return on bond -

      one last chance. bond swings. once. twice. he reaches back, hurls
      himself at the wall, lunging - and smashes the second pick into the
      ice... just as the tether finally snaps on the first one. still,
      he's all but home: he reaches over, grabs the first pick (barely
      holding in the ice,) jabs it in, and continues upward.

