ext. sherwood forest - day
the sheriff's men stomp through the burning forest.
from the other side of the flaming trees, little john's
men pick off shots with their longbows. they retreat,
turn and fire again.
they back into a clearing... the celtic mercenaries
charge at them across the open ground. the woodsmen
drop their bows. hand-to-hand combat. woodsmen are
being decimated.

little john storms and shouts, cutting down the enemy,
inspiring his men. the scotsmen are awed by this giant.
tuck is confronted by a wild-eyed celt.
                       friar
         surely you would not harm a man
         of the cloth?
the man swings, tuck sidesteps.
                        friar
         you would?   then to hellfire with
         you.
he pummels the man to the ground with his staff.
the woodsmen are broken into two groups. one group,
including will, is surrounded and surrenders. the others
fight on.

bleeding from several wounds, little john is surrounded
by four celts. he spins, challenging them, spitting out
expletives. defiant to the last... suddenly his
attackers are hurled aside. robin rides right through
them, slashing with his sword.
                       little john
         'bout bleedin' time, mush.
tuck is driven to the ground... his assailant is deliver-
ing the lethal blow, when aslan cuts him down. tuck
glances heavenwards.
                       friar
         thank you, lord.
                (an afterthought)
         and thank you, allah.
                                            (continued)

                                                      98.
continued:
aslan is a   wild man. steering his horse with just legs
and knees,   he strikes out with both swords to left and
right. the    momentum is turning. wulf appears at the
edge of the   clearing. starts picking off stragglers.
his father   spots him.
                       little john
         git the bleedin' 'ell outa there,
         ya li'l bugger.
distracted, he doesn't see a celt swing at his back...
but wulf's arrow pierces the man's adam's apple. he
freezes in mid-air, before toppling at john's feet.
when john turns back, wulf is being dragged away by
three of the sherrif's men. he attempts to pursue, but
is intercepted by two more celts... and struck down.
aslan charges between the two celts. slashes down
with both swords. both men topple to the ground
simultaneously.
suddenly all is quiet.    the smoking clearing is a mass
of fallen bodies. only    four men seem to be alive.
robin, aslan, tuck, who   is slouched against a tree
gasping for breath, and   hal, who kneels clutching his
wounded shoulder.
robin dismounts and runs to little john. overwhelmed
and exhausted, he slumps over the giant's unmoving form.
                       little john
         don't 'ee start bleedin'
         blubberin', or ya'll make me
         bloody vomit.

robin manages a relieved smile. aslan strides over.
all around them lie slain celts and woodsmen.
                       aslan
         it was a fiendish mind that
         planned this campaign.

