197  ext. greenville streets - driving - continuing               197

     o'ryan drives, pursuing the big-rig. mackelway gets on his cel-
     phone, dials. rain falls in sheets all around them.

                         mackelway (into cel-phone)
                    (urgently)
               this is mackelway! i'm travelling north
               on... grove road, approaching i-30 in
               greenville. request immediate back-up.
               pursuing a suspect in a refrigerated
               truck, texas license plate alpha--

     the yukon swerves hard to the right, narrowly avoiding the
     tail end of zero's rig as he swings it into our path.
     mackelway drops the phone. grabs it again.

                         mackelway (phone, cont'd)
               alpha-4-5-2-tango-foxtrot-alpha.

     zero does it again - swinging the rear of his rig across the
     road, forcing o'ryan to swerve hard. the yukon gets shoved on
     to a curb, then clunks down to the street again.

     then zero jams on the brakes. mackelway's eyes go wide.

                         mackelway (cont'd)
                    (at o'ryan)
               brakes!

     o'ryan jumps on the brakes. the yukon screeches to a stop,
     throwing itself into a sideways slide. it bangs, passenger
     side first, into the rear of the truck, breaking a window.

     mackelway ducks out of the way of breaking glass. then the rig
     pulls away again. o'ryan follows.

198  the chase - continuing                                       198

     zero's rig turns hard onto a service road, running parallel to
     the interstate. mackelway is locked in on that truck.

                         mackelway (cont'd)
                    (into cel-phone again)
               travelling due west now. don't see a
               name. it's a service road, running
               parallel to the--

     then mackelway freezes, mid-word. he just saw something that
     made his jaw drop:

     on the other side of this road is a field of tall wheat.

     time seems to stop. his blood feels like it just congealed.
     tall wheat in a wet wind. he has been here before. he has seen
     it before.

     and so has o'ryan...

     mackelway just stares, slack-jawed, as that wheat whips past
     them. the feeling is so unsettling that for a moment he
     forgets about zero, and the rig, and the kid...

     everything has just crystallized in a horrible way. he knows
     that he is going to wind up in that wheat field, somehow, with
     o'ryan.

     and o'ryan will be begging him for mercy. "please..."

     o'ryan guns the yukon, attempting to cut in front of the rig.
     zero swings wide, sending the yukon into a curb this time.
     that shreds their front tire.

     ...which means that in one minute this car is going to be
     undriveable. so if they don't stop zero from hitting that
     interstate - now - zero will be gone.

                         mackelway (cont'd)
                    (absently)
               what're you...

                         o'ryan
               can't let him hit the interstate.

     mackelway braces himself, as o'ryan guns his car up the left
     side of the rig, shredded tire and all. then:

     he pulls right in front of the rig. at about 60 m.p.h. and he
     jams on the brakes.

     zero swerves, out of instinct. it throws the rig into a
     vicious jack-knife. the van whips around in front of the cab,
     swatting the yukon away like a fly.

     we're inside the yukon as it rolls, mackelway and o'ryan look
     like tinker toys.

     the torque pulls zero's rig onto its side, sliding hard. metal
     hits concrete, sending up a shower of sparks.

     the yukon winds up in a ditch alongside the service road,
     upside down. mackelway, alive and awake, strains to look out
     the busted windshield.

     what he sees is hard to discern - but it looks like zero's rig
     is lying flat on its side.

     and, of course, he is mere yards from that wheat field...

