54   int. fbi office - conference room - continuing                54

     a room has been dedicated solely to those three murders. on an
     erasure board are the words: the "o'ryan" room.

     on one wall is the map mackelway took from hope house: over a
     thousand cities circled by o'ryan himself.

     mackelway puts down the stack of have you seen me's. picks up
     a box of yellow stick-pins, affixing them to the map - one for
     every faxed face.

     here's "jason corey, age 14." last seen in "riverside, ca." on
     "10-16-99."

     sure enough, o'ryan had circled "riverside, ca." on this map.
     next to it he'd written "10-16."

     mackelway sticks a yellow pin in riverside.

     next, the fax concerning "anna casitas, age 22." last seen?
     "macon, ga." on "5-6-00."

     of course, o'ryan had circled "macon" too. beside it he'd
     written "5-6." so macon gets a yellow pin.

     mackelway continues, as:

                         fran (o.s.)
               got nothing on the last fax.

     mackelway turns. in comes fran.

                         fran (cont'd)
               came from a business center at a mariott
               in dallas. nobody saw who sent it.

     mackelway nods. then they both turn... charlton enters the
     room.

                         charlton
               whadda we know about the map?

                         mackelway
               it matches the faxes, sir. almost
               perfectly.

     charlton approaches the map: 1,242 cities, circled in red.
     mackelway continues with the yellow pins: one for every have
     you seen me? (45 of them so far.)

     charlton eyes the stack. 45 have you seen me's... then the
     map: 1,242 cities. each with a date beside it.

                         charlton
               why's greenville in blue?

     (mackelway has put a yellow pin beside a dozen cities... but
     tiny greenville, texas has a blue pin beside it.)

                         mackelway
               only city where the date on the fax and
               the date on the map didn't correspond.

     he pulls out a fax from the stack: a korean boy named "steven
     kim. age 16. last seen: greenville, tx. date of disappearance:
     8-7-98."

                         mackelway (cont'd)
               fax lists the date of disappearance as
               august 7. on the map he's written "10-
               26."

     the date on o'ryan's map reads "10-26" beside greenville, tx.
     so greenville gets the only blue pin on this map.

     charlton notes today's date: october 17...

                         charlton
               any of these bodies been recovered?

                         mackelway
               two so far. female, disappeared from
               dayton, ohio on april 12. and a male,
               trenton, new jersey, january 5th.

     on the map, dayton's got "4/12" written beside it. trenton has
     "1/5." both have yellow pins in them.

                         mackelway (cont'd)
               but both bodies were found over a
               thousand miles from where they'd last
               been seen. one in montana, the other in
               oregon. got autopsy reports on both.

     charlton looks to the table, where autopsy reports and autopsy
     photos sit - two victims we've never seen before.

     we see the victims photographed face up, face down, waist and
     above, waist and below. charlton gives the photos a cursory
     glance, nothing more.

     but we notice something, on one of the bodies: the male from
     trenton - an odd burn mark on his lower left calf.

     looks almost symmetrical, horizontal across the calf...

                         charlton
               either of the bodies have the zero on
               them?

                         mackelway
               no, sir.

     charlton, frustrated, shoves those autopsy photos aside. we
     look to that map, a handful of yellow pins in it...

                                                         dissolve to:

     ...that same map, over a hundred yellow pins in it now.

