166  int. diner - greenville - same                               166

     mackelway sits at a table by a window. watching. fifty massive
     trucks in this lot - some refrigerated, most not.

     this diner is big enough to seat 200: truckers, a few
     families, and folks who just like the buffet, (gravy covers
     just about every entree.)

     mackelway's been here for hours. a waitress comes by.

                         waitress
               you want some more breakfast, honey, or
               are we just rollin' right on into lunch?

                         mackelway
               just some coffee, thanks. might hit the
               buffet in a bit.

                         waitress
               meatloaf's lookin' good today.

     he smiles, thanks. she turns away. that leaves him alone
     again, scanning - not even sure he's in the right place.

     cel-phone rings. he grabs it.

                         mackelway (into phone)
               mackelway.

167  intercut with/int. fran's car - driving - same               167

     she's driving, talking into the cel...

                         fran (into phone)
               what're you doing?

                         mackelway
               surveilling. what're you doing?

                         fran
               driving to greenville.

                         mackelway
                    (knows already)
               why would you be doing that?

                         fran
               i think agents are safer when they have
               some company. i can send along katie if
               you'd rather.

     mackelway laughs. he appreciates a good jab.

                         mackelway
               i'm at the truck-stop we traced. off the

               i-30.

                         fran
               i'm 'bout a half hour out.

                         mackelway
               i'll order some lunch for you. hear the
               meatloaf's good today.

     she half-smiles. she likes him, despite herself.

168  diner - mackelway - resuming                                 168

     he half-smiles, puts the cel-phone away. he likes her, despite
     himself.

     then a man passes by him, a trucker. let's call him vic.

     all we see as he passes is the tattoo on his forearm: a cobra.
     keys jingle on his belt-hook. he wears a sleeveless down vest
     and a "god bless america" cap.

     mackelway turns, but vic's already past us.

     something about him attracts mackelway's attention. the walk,
     the attitude. something.

     so mackelway is watching - without really knowing why - as vic
     crosses the parking lot, heading for his rig. it's a beast.
     vic climbs in, unaware that he's being watched.

     mackelway looks away, chiding himself for allowing the guy to
     distract him. that waitress comes by with more coffee.
     mackelway smiles, looking absently out the window again.

     and sees a little boy of 5, in the cab of vic's rig...

     but this little boy is screaming, struggling to get out of his
     car-seat, until vic grabs the kid by the shoulders, roughly...
     all of this visible through the windshield.

     mackelway locks in on the kid. holy shit...

     vic's rig pulls out. the kid pounds on his window. looks like
     he's saying "lemme out of here! i want my mommy!" he might be
     little charlie - we can't tell from here.

     but we can see that vic is yelling at him: "shut up!"

     and we can see that vic's truck is refrigerated. he's hauling
     dairy products.

     on a normal day, mackelway might shrug this off as
     coincidence. he might not be so vigilant.

     this isn't a normal day. he races for the door.

