182  int. that unidentified motel room - later night              182

     time has passed. we don't know how much. or maybe we're dead,
     or dreaming. it's hard to say...

     but there's o'ryan, at a desk. writing...

     mackelway's eyes are open. his forehead has a bright red
     raspberry on it from smashing into that mirror.

     but the brain is functioning. it starts running through a
     check-list:

     i'm in the same motel room. i'm on a bed. i'm alive. there's
     o'ryan. everything hurts. no, it's just my right arm. but it
     is searing.

     the check-list continues: my mouth is sore, but that gag has
     been removed.

     and my arms are unbound. legs too. maybe i am dead.

     mackelway tries to move his hand. it takes some effort.
     everything's foggy. but he puts it before his face. turns it.
     flexes it. squeezes it. his hand... he stares at it.

     then he notices his shoulder. a fat bandage has been wrapped
     around it - covering up the source of that searing pain. looks
     as though a nurse had tended to it.

     but this sure as hell isn't a hospital...

     then, o'ryan turns, facing us. mackelway recoils without
     meaning to.

     but o'ryan's demeanor has changed. that look of possessed
     malevolence - it's gone now. we can't imagine why.

                         o'ryan
                    (softly)
               stand up.

     mackelway pauses, rewinding that one.

                         o'ryan (cont'd)
               it's over now. can you stand?

     mackelway is still bracing for torture, or at least combat. so
     he's a step behind.

                         o'ryan (cont'd)
               we really do have to go.

     o'ryan rises, crossing toward us. even unbound, mackelway is
     expecting another onslaught... but all o'ryan does is drop a
     piece of paper onto mackelway's lap.

     it's another drawing: of a ranch-house, with a windmill in the
     background. crude, but just specific enough. mackelway's still
     too unwound to speak...

                         o'ryan (cont'd)
               this is where he'll be. with the boy.
                    (a beat)
               zero. he's coming home today. we're going
               to be there.

     mackelway's starting to understand now. this was an act. an
     initiation. that stuns him...

                         o'ryan (cont'd)
               you're ready to come with me now. you've
               been in the pit. stand up.

     mackelway eyes him - utter disbelief.

     o'ryan smiles warmly - like a drill sergeant at the end of
     basic: sorry i was so hard on you but it had to be done... can
     we shake on it?

     instead, mackelway simply explodes:

     it is a blur, faster than a blur, but mackelway rises with an
     animal roar, knocking o'ryan flat on his back.

     then mackelway is upon him.

     all the helplessness, all the horror, the images of watching
     himself in that mirror, the sounds of his own uncontrollable
     sobbing... they erupt now into violence.

     it is an overwhelming force. o'ryan can't begin to fight it
     off. mackelway has one hand on o'ryan's throat. the other hand
     comes down like a sledgehammer.

     one blow. then another. the sounds coming out of mackelway are
     savage, barely human. he's out of control.

     o'ryan's eyes roll back. mackelway now puts both hands around
     this fucker's throat. he's going to kill him - right here.
     he's going to squeeze the life from him.

     this is a mackelway we've never met before. his eyes are wild,
     hateful - even as the last gasps of breath rasp their way out
     of o'ryan's throat.

     then mackelway is distracted, for just a second. no. less than
     a second... by a glimpse of that shattered mirror - his own
     twisted image.

     he looks away from it, refusing to be distracted, determined
     to kill this guy.

     ...then those eyes drift back to the mirror again.

     ...and he sees his reflection: a hardened, crazed stranger. an
     animal.

     his hands, without warning, release their grip.

     o'ryan gasps for air. his face has been bloodied. mackelway
     rises, disgusted, removing a great weight from o'ryan's chest.
     that makes breathing a little easier.

     mackelway crosses to a tiny, cheap bathroom.

