27   int. hope house - basement - moments later                    27

     we are staring at a basement wall that has been covered, floor
     to ceiling, with 1,000 identical renderings of that same
     symbol: the circle-with-a-slash-through-it.

     1,000 of them, in bright red paint, against pitch black
     enamel. only a machine could have achieved this kind of
     repetition. or a maniac.

     this basement is leaky, drafty, poorly lit. but it's also
     quiet: the sound of that awful singing upstairs has been muted
     by the basement door and the rain itself.

                         dyson
               benjamin spent hours down here.

     mackelway takes it all in, every corner of this basement. he
     notes a row of standing gym lockers.

                         mackelway
                    (re: lockers)
               did he have access to those?

                         dyson
               no. they're staff-only.

                         mackelway
               would you mind opening them for me?

     dyson shrugs; he thinks it's a waste of time - but he'll do
     it. mackelway follows him across the dank room.

                         mackelway (cont'd)
               he was here... seven years you said?

                         dyson
               off and on. it's not uncommon for our
               guests to vanish for months at a time.

     dyson works a combination lock on the first locker.

                         mackelway
               i ran the name through our database, just
               to be sure. there's never been an agent
               benjamin o'ryan in the bureau.

                         dyson
               no... but as elaborate fantasies go, it
               was one of my favorites.
                    (fondly)
               and he always seemed so sincere about it.

     dyson half-chuckles; he always liked the guy... he throws open
     the locker. inside, nothing. mackelway indicates the next
     locker. dyson works the combination.

                         mackelway
               is that what you called him? benjamin?

                         dyson
               it's what he wished to be called.

     locker #2 is opened - also empty. only one locker left.

                         dyson (cont'd)
                    (re: locker #3)
               that one's mine.

     mackelway shrugs: "sorry, it has to be opened." dyson sighs,
     then works the combination. mackelway waits.

     locker #3 is opened. inside, nothing incriminating: a sweater,
     some old junk, two trophies. dyson eyes him: "see?" mackelway
     nods. dyson shuts the locker.

     mackelway looks to that wall: 1,000 copies of the circle-with-
     a-slash-through-it. no idea what they signify...

                         dyson (cont'd)
               he painted one of the walls in his room,
               too.

                         mackelway
               can i see it?

                         dyson
               we've painted it over.

                         mackelway
               still, might be helpful.

     dyson heads for the stairs. they're wooden slats with more
     basement-junk stored below: old sporting equipment, an old
     vaccuum cleaner, broken chairs, rusted patio furniture.

     mackelway follows. they climb...

                         mackelway (cont'd)
               wait.

     they stop. something just caught mackelway's eye, visible
     beneath these stairs: a box, with a bucket of paint sticking
     out of it...

