342    int. courtroom - day                                           342

       at the prosecutors table, richie steals glances at the
       battery of expensive attorneys over at the defense table.


                                                                    (cont)

                                                                    119.
                              
342   continued:                                                     342


      the courtroom doors swing open and richie sees frank lucas,
      in a tailored suit, escorted in without cuffs by an amiable-           
      looking federal marshal.

      as frank moves through the gallery, richie sees it's full of
      the gangster's friends, many of them celebrities, who smile
      and greet and fawn as if the pope has arrived.

      richie has evidence tables covered with cash, weapons,
      stocks, bonds, property deeds, pictures of frank's holdings,
      heroin in blue cellophane.

      frank has celebrities, community leaders, joe louis himself
      who will testify to frank's benevolent character. the champ
      hugs the heroin trafficker warmly in front of everyone and
      richie wonders if he should just give up now.

      richie sees it in slow motion: the hands reaching out to
      frank, the pats on his back, lipsticked mouths of beautiful
      women offering kisses and words of encouragement, his old
      mother giving him a hug.

      he watches frank's head turn slowly, his eyes passing his
      phalanx of attorneys, the jury, finally settling on richie
      in his cheap suit seated at the prosecutors table.

      frank's eyes smile as they regard richie, and seem to ask,
      can you see this - can you see what you're up against - can
      you see how insignificant you are?                                     

      reaching the end of the welcoming line finally, frank                  
      brushes by richie and disappears from view somewhere within            
      the protective husk of his multi-million-dollar legal team.            
                                judge                                        
                   mr. roberts -                                             

      richie slowly lifts himself from his chair, steps forward,             
      turns to look at the jury that's studying him, finally finds           
      his voice:                                                             

                                richie                                       
                   thank you, your honor.   ladies and                       
                   gentlemen -                                               

