3   ext. harlem street - day (november)                                   3

    bumpy johnson, an elderly but still sturdy black man,
    elegantly dressed - cashmere overcoat, gloves, homburg -
    stands in falling snow atop a flatbed truck - as he does
    every thanksgiving - tossing down turkeys to the poor -
    like a benign king.

    legend:   harlem

    a younger man, the gunman from the club - frank lucas -
    bumpy's driver/bodyguard/collector/protege - watches from
    below.

4   int/ext. street / discount emporium - day (november)                  4

    whispering gunfire from a television set veiled by
    foreground snow: soldiers in the jungles of vietnam in
    1970. a rich, cultured, authoritative voice offers:
                            bumpy o/s
               this is the problem. this is what's
               wrong with america.

    the war footage multiplies by twenty: a stack of tvs with
    price tags dangling from the knobs behind a display window.

                            bumpy o/s
               it's gotten so big you can't find your
               way.

    people on the sidewalk, out of respect or fear, part to let
    frank and bumpy and bumpy's german shepherd pass.

                            bumpy
               the corner grocery's a supermarket.
               candy store's a macdonald's. and this
               place.
                            (more)
                                                                    (cont)

                                                                      2.
                               
4   continued:                                                          4
                              bumpy (cont'd)
                 where's the pride of ownership here?
                 where's the personal service? does
                 anybody work here?

    inside, the emporium is vast, with aisles that seem to
    stretch off into infinity. the tvs give way to a display
    window full of japanese stereo componentry.

                              bumpy
                 what right do they have cutting out the
                 suppliers, pushing all the middlemen out,
                 buying direct from the manufacturer -
                 sony this, toshiba that, all them chinks -
                 putting americans out of work?

    he's not really asking frank, so frank doesn't answer.

                              bumpy
                 what am i supposed to do with a place
                 like this, frank? who am i supposed to
                 ask for, the assistant manager?
                        (pause)
                 this is the problem. this is the way it
                 is now: you can't find the heart of
                 anything to stick the knife.

    bumpy stops before a display of cameras and stares in.
    they're all pointed at him as a pain grips his chest and he
    sinks to his knees. frank kneels down.

                               frank
                 what is it?

    bumpy seems unable to speak, looks to frank confused.
                              frank
                 somebody call an ambulance!

    but the store suddenly seems empty. frank yells into the
    emporium but can't be heard above the muzak and the cash
    registers ringing up sales bumpy will never see a piece of.
    looking up at frank, bumpy manages weakly -

                              bumpy
                 forget it, frank. no one's in charge.

