71      int. frank's apartment - later - night                           71

        the duffel bags, still closed, on a table. frank regards
        them, nursing a drink, putting off the moment of discovery
        that he has perhaps spent his life's savings on nothing.
                                                                       (cont)

                                                                     31.
                               
71    continued:                                                       71


      the german shepherd watches as frank removes the tape from
      one of the bags. he pulls it open - has almost no reaction -
      except to breathe again - then opens the next, and the next.

      and we see: several brick-like packages of no. 4 heroin
      wrapped in paper marked with chinese writing, stamped with
      a label: two lions on their hind legs, paws on a globe,
      and, in english: double uoglobe brand 100%.

a72   int. frank's apartment - later - dawn                           a72     

      the duffel bags are elsewhere. the only evidence of any
      drugs is the small amount frank has given a chemist - who
      looks like a harvard student - to test. it responds                     
      instantly. the young man looks at frank.                                

                                chemist
                   typically what i see is 25 to 45                           
                   percent pure. i've never seen anything                     
                   like this. no alkaloids, no adulterants,                   
                   no dilutents. it's a hundred percent.                      
                   may i?                                                     

      the chemist opens a leather travel syringe kit to shoot up,             
      but frank gives him some to take home instead.                          

                                frank                                         
                   take it with you. i don't want to have                     
                   to call the coroner.                                       

      the chemist gathers his things to leave, offering a last                
      piece of advice -                                                       

                                chemist                                       
                   store it in a cool, dark place.                            

