167        int. madison square garden - night                                167

           pre-fight. richie, blended in with the a group of press
           photographers, regards the organized crime figures ringside.
           he takes a few pictures with the long lens camera as -


                                                                            (cont)

                                                                       69.
                                 
167   continued:                                                       167


      the owner of the gleaming patent leather shoes is shown to
      his second row ringside seat just behind the sports writers,
      and we move up the full-length chinchilla coat to frank's
      uneasy expression -

      richie's camera roams the faces of the prime ticket holders
      ringside: organized crime figures, celebrities, politicians,              
      women with plunging necklines and platinum hair -                         

                                 joe louis                                      
                   excuse me -                                                  

      richie can't believe it's joe louis brushing past him -                   

                                 richie                                         
                   mr. louis -                                                  

      joe looks back as richie approaches him -                                 

                                richie                                          
                   i'm sorry, but i just have to tell you,                      
                   sir, you were a hero to me growing up. i                     
                   still push elevator buttons eight times                      
                   for the rounds you beat billy conn in.                       
                   for luck.                                                    

      louis acknowledges richie only slightly more than not at                  
      all. turns away to join his friends. richie watches after                 
      him, stung by louis's disregard.                                          

      he snaps a picture of an italian wise guy he doesn't                      
      recognize ... sifts the camera's view past frank in the                   
      chinchilla coat ... then returns to him, watches as tosca                 
      and his guys sit down behind frank. richie can't hear -                   
      but can see - their good-natured exchange -

                                tosca
                   hey, frank, you keep that hat on, i'm
                   gonna miss the fight -

      the odd thing to richie is, chinchilla's seat is better
      than all the italians'. detective trupo notices this, too.
      richie focuses on the chincilla's date, a stunning girl, a
      beauty queen, then shifts back to her boyfriend who's now
      shaking the proffered hands of other italians, then don
      king. joe louis himself - who barely acknowledged richie's                
      existence - comes over and playfully exchanges "punches"                  
      with the man in the chinchilla coat.

      a sudden roar from the crowd as the lights go out except
      for the spot on the ring. ali and frazier are coming down
      the steps through the crush of fans and reporters, preceded
      by soldiers carrying flags -
                                                                       (cont)

                                                                     70.
                               
167   continued:                                                     167


      richie tries to find the guy in the chinchilla coat, but
      he's hidden by a flag. then he glimpses him again just as
      ali shakes his hand before climbing into the ring -

      flashbulbs pop throughout the arena as robert goulet
      begins the national anthem. ali pointedly doesn't sing
      along. richie frames the shadowy figure in the chinchilla
      coat, focuses as sharp as he can in the bad light, and
      snaps the shutter -

