          int. giant underground grow room - continuous
          
          dale frantically runs through the rows of plants, when       
          suddenly he sees the strange scuba suit out of the corner    
          of his eye and swings his gun at it, nearly opening fire.    
          
                                 dale                                  
                           (whispering)                                
                    oh god.                                            
          
          dale slows down to catch his breath, staring at the          
          strange scuba suit. then, he gets an idea.                   
          
          angle on: ted, quietly walking through the room              
          
          ted raises his gun as he spins around a corner.              
          
                                 ted                                   
                    where are you, you son-of-a-bitch?                 
          
          ted turns another corner and sees the strange scuba suit.    
          he starts to walk past it, when he stops himself. he         
          creeps back and looks at it, suspicious. he walks closer,    
          breathing as quietly as he can, his gun clenched tightly.    
          he slowly reaches his hand out to lift the face-hatch. he    
          gently takes hold of the latch and is about to open it,      
          when-                                                        
          
          dale jumps out from behind him and swings a fire             
          extinguisher at ted's face - slam!!! ted drops his gun as    
          he falls to the floor.                                       
          
                                   dale                                
                    ha!                                                
          
          ted leaps upwards and uppercuts dale hard!!!                 

          
          
