          int. ted's house - continuous
          
          carol, who is a little bruised up from the car crash,
          sits with ted. they are both furious.
          
                                 carol
                    guy drove like a mother-fucker. it was                
                    amazing.                                              
          
                                 ted
                    this is not good. we should have this
                    under control. we haven't heard shit from             
                    the asians. got these lunatics after us.              
                    shit.                                                 
          
          carol checks her watch.
          
                                                                  87
          
          
          
                                 carol
                    we should probably get to the farm.                 
          
          music up: the end by the doors
          
          - saul gets on a bus and sits down, sad and deject.           
          
          - dale sits against the phone booth, crying like a baby.      
          he buries his hands in his pocket and pulls out his baggy     
          of weed. he hurls it away. he gets up to retrieve it.         
          
          - saul is in a really shitty fast food restaurant, nearly     
          crying as he eats his burger and fries.                       
          
          - dale stares at a joint in his hands, thinks for a           
          moment, and then, crying profusely, lights it and starts
          smoking.
          
          a solitary tear rolls down his cheek and drips directly
          onto the tip of the joint, putting it out. dale hears the
          sizzle and looks at the joint. he continues crying. he        
          puts the joint down, beside three large roaches.              
          
          - walking down the street, saul sees the point grey           
          retirement home.                                              
          
          - dale feverishly looks through the phone book. he finds      
          what he's looking for: belogus.                               
          
          - saul, hiding behind a bush across the street, surveys       
          the retirement home. seeing the coast is clear, he walks
          towards the entrance. as saul enters the building,            
          budlofksy and matheson pull up.                               
          
          
