          int. dale's car - night
          
          dale cruises down side streets and locates ted's house.
          it is a large well-to-do home. having difficulties, dale        
          parks in between two cars across the street. he turns off
          the engine and starts smoking a joint. suddenly - flash!        
          two head lights appear up the street. holy shit! it's a         
          cop car!
          
          he sits still, holding the joint between his legs as the
          cop car drives past and...parks a few cars down! the
          female cop walks up the block - towards dale's car!
          
                                 dale                                     
                    oh shit on me.                                        
          
          fortunately,   the cop crosses the street and walks towards     
          ted's house.   confused, dale watches as she is let in.         
          dale waits a   moment and then re-lights the joint. he          
          tries to see   into ted's house as he takes a massive toke.
          
          bang! a silence shattering blast comes from ted's house.
          dale holds the toke in and tries to keep quiet as he
          focuses on the large front window. suddenly, the drapes
          are torn down by an asian man as he falls forwards and          
          crashes through the front window!                               
          
          dale watches in horror as a large grey-haired man and the
          female cop step forward and shoot the asian man! blam!          
          blam! blood splatters!                                          
          
          dale starts coughing uncontrollably! he starts the car
          and, in a panicked fit, tries to pull out. crash!!! he
          smashes directly into the car in front of him! he flicks
          the roach out onto the grass and slams the car in reverse
          - crunch!!! he backs into the car behind him! still
          hacking his lungs out, dale drives away!                        
          
                                                                    21
          
          
          
          the grey-haired man and the female cop sprint out of the
          house in time to see dale's distant tail lights vanish
          into the darkness. something catches the grey-haired
          man's eye - a trail of smoke rising from the grass. he
          lowers his blood-stained hand and picks up...dale's
          roach! he brings it to his nose and sniffs, then rips           
          open the paper and examines the weed closely.
          
                                 ted
                    pineapple express.
          
          
