          ext. barn - continuous
          
          saul inches towards the barn, hearing a melee of gunfire     
          and screams as he nears it. he cautiously peers in and       
          watches as carol shoots an assassin in the chest then        
          spins around and shoots at another assassin who              
          desperately runs with a metal briefcase handcuffed to his    
          wrist. carol hits him several times; he lurches over and     
          falls through the trap door. she smiles and drops her
          empty gun.                                                   
          
          saul watches carol as she heads towards the trap door. he
          takes a deep breath and charges into the barn, unleashing    
          a barrage of bullets at her! blam blam blam! click.
          
                                                                   107
          
          
          click. click. none of the bullets hit her. she turns and
          sees saul, who drops his empty gun.
          
                                 saul                                     
                    fuck tha po-lice.
          
          they both scream in rage and charge, fists flying as they
          collide. carol whips saul around by his collar and hurls        
          him to the ground. she runs up and kicks him in the gut,        
          time and time again.                                            
          
                                 carol                                    
                    i'm a fucking cop, you moron.                         
          
                                 saul                                     
                    aaaaaaarrrrggggghhh!!!                                
          
          saul leaps to his feet and punches carol in the face. he        
          punches her again. she reaches for her mace, so saul            
          kicks her in the groin and grabs it for himself, then           
          sprays her in the face.                                         
          
          slam! he punches her in the face.                               
          
          
