          ext. hotel - valet                                              
          
          dale, wearing a chauffeur hat, stands by the main               
          entrance holding a sign that reads: josh corber. a man          
          walks out of the hotel and, seeing the sign, approaches         
          dale.
          
                                 corber                                   
                    my name's corber.                                     
          
                                 dale
                    you're joshua aaron corber?                           
          
                                 corber                                   
                           (overjoyed)
                    get out of town! clarice did this, didn't
                    she? i was just telling her before i left
                    how i've never been in a limo. can you
                    believe it? 35 and i've never been in a
                    limo. man! it's not stretched, is it?
          
          dale hands him a blue envelope.
          
                                 dale
                    sorry, but you've been served.
          
          dale walks away. corber opens the envelope and reads it.        
          
                                 corber                                   
                    ah fuck!
                           (reads more)
                    fuck! you fucking asshole!!! fuck!
          
                                                                      9
          
          
          
          dale completely ignores corber as he dumps the sign and          
          walks out of the airport. then, a huge smile comes across
          his face. he has noticed a nearby burger king.
          
                                 dale
                           (excited)
                    hey! nice. new chicken fries.
          
          he happily walks toward the food.
          
          
          int - dale's car - day
          
          dale sits in his car   outside a high school. an array of        
          burger king wrappers   surrounds him as he rolls a joint         
          with the last of his   weed on top of a batman comic. he         
          lights the joint and   turns on the radio.                       
          
                                 radio dj                                  
                    ...3:09 in the pm and we-                              
          
          dale turns off the radio, takes one last haul, and then          
          snubs out the joint. he then pulls out a small leather           
          kit and sifts through it's contents: handi-wipes, hand           
          sanitizer, a little vial of cologne, visine, mouthwash           
          and breath mints.                                                
          
          dale vigorously wipes his hands, face, and mouth with wet        
          naps and then starts futilely attempting to put visine in        
          his blazing red eyes. frustrated, he squirts visine all          
          over his finger tips and simply rubs them into his eyes.         
          he uses the mouthwash, chews up a mint, dabs on some             
          cologne, and then gets out of the car.                           
          
          
