ext.  pembroke village square - day

tarleton and wilkins, on horseback, watch as a large,
mixed detachment of green dragoons and redcoat infantry
directs the villagers into the church.

one of the redcoats walks out of the general store with a
bowl of gumdrops.  as he starts giving them to a few of
the children their parents waver, unsure of the gesture,
but they reluctantly allow the children to take the candy.

the townspeople are uneasy but they follow the orders of
the redcoats who, though carry muskets, are polite and
unthreatening.

				redcoat
		into the church, please.

				another redcoat
		colonel tarleton wishes to address
		all of you.

tarleton sees the last of the townspeople enter the
church.  he nods to the redcoats near the door.

the redcoats close the doors, chaining them shut.  the
door is pounded on from the inside.

				voice
		open this door!

				another voice
		by what right are we made prisoners?

tarleton nods to gaskins who, along with several rough-
looking loyalist militiamen, disappear into the blacksmith
shop.  they reappear a moment later with flaming torches
and approach the church.

several redcoats see what's about to happen and are
appalled.  even some of the green dragoons, including
wilkins, are troubled.  wilkins rides over to tarleton.

				wilkins
		sir?

				tarleton
		yes, major.

gaskins and the loyalist militia stop around the church,
torches ready, waiting for the final go-ahead from
tarleton.  the pounding and calling from inside the church
grows louder.

				wilkins
		sir, there is no honor in this.

				tarleton
		the honor is found in the end, not
		the means.  this will be forgotten.
			   (to gaskins)
		proceed.

the redcoats turn to the redcoat officers.  the redcoat
officers turn to wilkins, who struggles with himself.
tarleton calmly watches wilkins' distress.

finally, wilkins accepts it.  weakly steadying his horse,
he takes his place next to tarleton.

the redcoats and dragoons follow his lead and watch as
gaskins and the loyalist militiamen light the church on
fire, heaving their torches onto the roof, through the
windows and under the raised foundation.

screams are heard from inside.  the door thuds with the
shoulders of men trying to escape.  the chains hold.

as the flames rise, another group of loyalist militiamen
and some redcoats drag half-a-dozen young women out of a
side-street...

among the women, desperately pleading, kicking and
screaming, is anne...

the men drag her and the other women into the livery
stable...

tarleton watches them carried off, stone-faced...

then he turns and watches the church go up in flames...

a window shatters, with a chair heaved from inside...

some men try to climb out, but waiting redcoats fire their
muskets point blank...

killing three men, driving the others back...

the screams from inside the church grow louder...

the flames and smoke rise...

