ext.  swamp morass - night

tarleton and his mounted dragoons struggle through a
nearly impassable morass of swamp-grass, reeds and
swarming mosquitoes...

the exhausted dragoons are wet, covered with mud, and
bleeding from swamp briars.  the horses are spent and
foaming...

tarleton struggles harder than any, but finally even he
has had enough.  he reins back his horse.

				tarleton
		halt!

tarleton glares into the impenetrable darkness of plant-
choked water and swamp...

				tarleton
		enough of this.  there are other
		ways to run down a fox.

tarleton yanks on his reins, turns his horse and starts
back the way they came.  his grateful men turn their
horses and follow.

in the undergrowth, marion, gabriel, billings and three
badly wounded men, with only four horses between them,
calm their mounts...

they can hear, but not see the dragoons.  then, through
the thick undergrowth, marion catches a glimpse of
tarleton...

gabriel, tending the wounded men, sees his father lock his
eyes on tarleton...

marion quickly opens his weapons pouch and pulls out one
of the bullets he made from thomas' lead soldiers.
walking to his horse, marion loads...

marion mounts, scanning the terrain, planning a route...

				gabriel
		father, no...

as marion spurs his horse to ride after tarleton, gabriel
grabs the bridle.  he yanks hard, stopping marion's horse
dead.  the horse bucks, nearly throwing marion...

				marion
		that's him.  tarleton.

marion spurs the horse which tries to respond but is
jerked back again by gabriel.  marion angrily turns on his
son...

				marion
		damn you!  let go!

gabriel looks up at his father, never loosening his iron
grip on the bridles but speaking softly, almost
pleadingly:

				gabriel
		father, please...

marion looks down at gabriel.  then marion looks over at
billings and the three wounded men...

one bleeds from an ugly neck wound... their shared mounts
are nearly spent...

marion takes a last look in the direction of the departing
tarleton.  then he dismounts and hurries over to help the
wounded.  gabriel watches his father for a moment, then
joins him with the wounded.

