ext.  outskirts of green dragoon encampment - night

marion and his men blast through the brush.  running
toward the sounds of the battle, which grows louder with
every step...

marion cocks his pistol and extracts his tomahawk on the
run...

the lights of the battle:  the strobes of the musket shots
illuminate the woods ahead of them...

moving fast, they pass two dead british sentries, without
slowing down...

they blast out of the woods into...

the clearing, seeing a tableau of total chaos:

half-dressed green dragoons in formation fire in
volleys...

running men.  scattered musket fire.

the strobes of the muskets illuminate running men and
other men in hand-to-hand combat.

wilkins is in command.  tarleton is nowhere to be seen.

gabriel and abner, both slightly wounded, fight a
desperate holding action...

on the other side of the clearing, a square of dragoons
forms near wilkins.

				wilkins
		fire!

the dragoons fire a massed volley, hitting gabriel, abner
and several other patriots.

gabriel, badly wounded, falls to his knees...

the dragoons pull their pistols about to fire again.

marion and his men open fire...

staggering them...

marion sees wilkins about to fire at gabriel...

marion runs...

sees another redcoat about to fire at gabriel...

marion kills him with a pistol shot.

wilkins cocks his flintlock pistol, aims at gabriel...

marion's about to throw his tomahawk... too late...

wilkins fires... hitting gabriel who flies backward...

marion throws the tomahawk, sinking it into wilkins'
chest...

the rest of marion's men thunder into the dragoons...

overpowering them...

marion races to gabriel...

throws himself onto the ground next to him...

cradling him...

gabriel is stunned, confused by the wounds.

				gabriel
		i'm alright, i...

he tries to stand...

				marion
		let me help you...

gabriel weakens in marion's arms... falters... marion
watches the life drain from gabriel... he tries to hold
the blood in, to no avail...

dalton plants himself next to marion, defending him and
gabriel...

marion caresses gabriel and watches as...

gabriel dies.

the life drains from marion.  no anger.  only pain.  he
looks at gabriel, lost in a dream, an incomprehensible
nightmare of loss and overwhelming emptiness.

