ext.  santee road - night

the british convoy rounds the curve.  when two-thirds of
the wagons have crossed the bridge, marion fires, killing
the redcoat of highest rank, a captain.

billings and dalton heave corked bottles which break,
spreading their oily contents on the wooden bridge.

brother joseph fires a flaming arrow, igniting the oil.

the bridge bursts into flames, cutting off the tail of the
convoy, stranding a dozen wagons and the herd of horses on
marion's side of the river.

a redcoat lieutenant takes command.

				redcoat lieutenant
		across the river!  covering fire!
		double rank!

marion calls to his men.

				marion
		epaulets first... kill the officers.

marion and his men fire a withering volley, killing all
redcoats of rank -- two lieutenants, a sergeant and
several corporals.

the leaderless redcoat privates take cover as marion's men
open up on the redcoats on their side of the river.

				marion
		the wagons!

with half of his men firing cover, marion and the other
half run to the wagons, passing redcoat dead and
wounded...

dalton, notices a wounded redcoat and pauses...

the redcoat looks up imploringly at dalton who finishes
reloading, then coldly fires, killing the helpless
redcoat...

marion, gabriel and rev. oliver see dalton kill the
wounded redcoat as they race toward the wagons, british
musketballs splintering trees all around them...

the horses nearest the burning bridge are terrified,
bucking and rearing, struggling in their traces...

marion leaps into the seat of one wagon.  gabriel and
billings grab the reins of two more wagons.

the redcoats keep up a steady fire.  two of marion's men
fall, one dead another wounded.

marion, gabriel and billings struggle to control the
frightened horses, backing them up around the curve to the
cover of the woods.

marion's rearguard, brother joseph, abner, dan scott and
others, withdraws in leapfrog, firing back across the
river.

british musket balls slam into the trees and splinter the
wagons...

another of marion's men is wounded.  two of his comrades
heave him onto one of the wagons...

as marion's men get the wagons turned and unblocked from
each other, they drive them off, one after another...

brother joseph, abner and the rest of the rearguard make
it to marion and leap into his wagon...

marion snaps the reins and they thunder off, away from the
burning bridge and the firing redcoats.

