ext.  snow's island - dawn

the men are beginning to stir, gathering around the
campfires, cooking, using pots, pans and other gear from
the stolen british wagons.

marion reads cornwallis' journal.  he looks up, stretches
and walks over to a campfire where gabriel, billings and
rev. oliver cook.  the dogs follow at a distance.

				billings
		well?

				marion
		i've just been inside the mind of a
		genius.  lord cornwallis knows more
		about war than i could in a dozen
		lifetimes.

				billings
		cheerful news to greet the morn.

				marion
		his victories at charleston and
		camden were perfect, strategically,
		tactically, logistically.  but he
		has a weakness.

they all turn to marion.

				marion
		lord cornwallis is brilliant.  his
		weakness is that he knows it.

				gabriel
		father?

				marion
		pride is his weakness.

the men consider that.

				billings
		personally, i'd prefer stupidity.

				marion
		pride will do.

begin montage:  series of shots as follows:

-- a volley of musket fire erupts from some thick
   underbrush, cutting down half of a squadron of redcoats
   on the march.  the surviving redcoats fire back into
   the trees at unseen targets to little effect.

-- marion rides with about fifty men.

-- a british supply convoy makes its way through the
   woods.  suddenly, marion's men appear, rising up from
   the ground as if by magic, having been camouflaged by
   leaves and brush.  they open fire on the convoy escort,
   which holds for a moment, then flees.

-- marion rides with about seventy-five men.

-- cornwallis finishes reading a dispatch and furiously
   flings it across the room.

-- marion rides with about one hundred men.

-- snow's island.  marion and his men do an inventory of a
   large haul of stolen british supply wagons.  the booty
   includes dozens of brass musical instruments, some of
   which marion's men blare in celebration.

-- marion rides with about one-hundred-fifty men.

-- marion, gabriel, and some of the other men watch as the
   flaming supports of a burning wooden bridge collapse
   into a river.

-- a seething cornwallis stands at the same spot, looking
   at the charred, now cooled, remains of the bridge.
   cornwallis angrily mounts up and rides off.  his
   contrite staff officers mount up and follow.

-- snow's island.  marion sits with his muddy feet on
   cornwallis' campaign desk, reading cornwallis' journal,
   with cornwallis' great danes at his side.

