ext.  pond bluff - day

marion and his children tend the wounded.  gabriel, weak
but walking, helps.  redcoat infantry appears out of the
woods, heading toward the house.  three dozen men.  scouts
and flank units covering the main body.  marion gathers
his family around him, stands and waits.

the redcoats get to the house, warily eye the wounded and
marion's family.  a young redcoat lieutenant motions his
men to check out the house and barn, then looks at the
wounded, doing a silent count.  he turns to marion.

				redcoat lieutenant
		these men are of my regiment.  thank
		you.

marion nods.  one of the redcoats emerges from the house
carrying gabriel's dispatch case.

				redcoat
		rebel dispatches, sir.

gabriel steps up.

				gabriel
		i carried those.  i was wounded,
		these people gave me care, they have
		nothing to do with the dispatches.

				redcoat lieutenant
		i understand.

the sound of horses hooves.  all turn and see:

tarleton and the green dragoons

thundering down the road toward the house.  it's an
impressive, frightening sight.

they rein in their horses, stopping in the yard, enveloped
by their trailing cloud of dust.

tarleton surveys the scene, then speaks to the young
redcoat lieutenant.

				tarleton
		lieutenant, have a detachment take
		our wounded to our surgeons at
		camden crossing.  use whatever
		horses and wagons you can find here.

				redcoat lieutenant
		yes, sir.

he hands the dispatch case to tarleton.

				redcoat lieutenant
		we found this, sir.

tarleton opens it and quickly scans the contents.

				tarleton
		who carried this?

				gabriel
		i did.

				tarleton
			   (to lt. re: gabriel)
		take this one to camden, he's a spy.
		he will be hung.

marion quickly steps between tarleton and gabriel.

				marion
		colonel, he's a dispatch rider and
		that's a marked dispatch case.

tarleton ignores marion and continues speaking to the
lieutenant.

				tarleton
		fire the house and barns.

				redcoat lieutenant
		yes, sir.

				marion
		colonel...

				redcoat lieutenant
		and the rebel wounded?

				tarleton
		kill them.

the redcoat lieutenant and several of his men are shocked
by the order.  marion is, also, but he's more concerned
with gabriel.  he pushes past some redcoats and stands at
tarleton's mount, looking up.

				marion
		a dispatch rider with a marked case
		cannot be held for spying.

tarleton finally pays attention to marion.  he looks down
at his anguished face and offers the barest of smiles.

				tarleton
		we're not going to hold him, we're
		going to hang him.

				marion
		but...

tarleton draws his pistol and points it at marion.
gabriel tries to intercede but is held back by a burly
redcoat corporal.

				gabriel
		father...

				tarleton
		oh, he's your son.  you should have
		taught him about loyalty.

				marion
		colonel, i beg you, please
		reconsider.  by the rules of war, a
		dispatch rider with a marked case...

tarleton controls his shifting mount, keeping his pistol
trained on marion's face.

				tarleton
		would you like a lesson in the rules
		of war?

marion doesn't answer.  he looks up at tarleton coldly,
taking his measure, waiting to see if he's going to pull
the trigger.

tarleton walks his horse a couple of steps and shifts his
aim, pointing the pistol among marion's children.

				tarleton
		perhaps your children would.

the children are terrified.  thomas is more angry than
frightened.  marion quickly steps between the pistol and
his children and speaks quietly to tarleton.

				marion
		no lesson is necessary.

tarleton sees the terrified expressions on the faces of
marion's children.  he smiles at the effect.  then he
holsters his pistol.

marion and his children watch as one of the redcoats ties
gabriel's hands.  thomas is beside himself.

				thomas
		father, do something.

thomas grows increasingly agitated.  he sees that his
father is going to do nothing.  he gauges the distance
between gabriel and the cover of the nearby woods.

then suddenly, thomas springs.  he runs, throwing himself,
into the two redcoats holding gabriel, knocking them down.

				thomas
		gabriel!  run!

gabriel is too shocked to take flight.  a few of the
redcoats, including one of the ones knocked down, shake
their heads with sad laughter at thomas' ineffectual
gesture.  one of them grabs thomas by the scruff of the
neck and yanks him to his feet.

tarleton sees the commotion.  without pausing he draws his
pistol and fires, hitting thomas in the back.

thomas is thrown to his knees by the shot.  stunned,
confused, he looks down and sees the massive exit wound in
his chest.

marion, horrified, catches thomas as he falls, easing him
to the ground.

margaret cries out.  the other children are stunned to
silence.

the redcoats are frozen in place.  tarleton's green
dragoons are impassive, having seen worse.

marion holds his son, looking at the huge,
incomprehensible wound.  he knows that thomas is already
dead, though his body still moves.

marion's stunned agony turns to fury.  he rises, his eyes
trained on tarleton, then stops as...

tarleton raises a second loaded pistol and a dozen green
dragoons raise pistols and carbines, aiming them at marion
and his children.

marion freezes, torn between his fury and fear for his
other children.  he locks his eyes on tarleton.

tarleton calmly baths in marion's anger.  then, with a
hard yank of the reins, he jerks his horse's head around
and utters a sharp command to wilkins.

				tarleton
		major.

tarleton spurs his horse and rides off without looking
back.  his green dragoons thunder after him.

marion's children begin to cry.  margaret tries to revive
thomas' lifeless body, gently caressing his cheek.

				margaret
		thomas, please, thomas...

the redcoats watch in silence.  marion looks at gabriel
and turns to the redcoat lieutenant.   

				marion
		lieutenant, please...

the lieutenant wavers, but he looks after the departing
tarleton and his resolve stiffens.  he turns coldly to
marion.

				redcoat lieutenant
		i have my orders.  sergeant!

the redcoat infantrymen scatter, some to get horses and
wagons from the barn, others to torch the buildings.

marion stands among the children, all of whom look to
marion with pleading eyes, waiting for him to do
something.

				margaret
		papa, look what they did to
		thomas...

				nathan
		father, they're going to take
		gabriel...

with stone-faced fury, marion watches the redcoats do
their work.

from the barns, they hear the sounds of muskets firing and
the squeals of the livestock being killed.

other redcoats torch the house, barn and outbuildings.
the flames rise.

the redcoats bring out marion's wagons and carriages and
begin loading the redcoat wounded.

the redcoat lieutenant and several of his men walk among
the patriot wounded who start to struggle to their feet,
begging for mercy.  the redcoats quickly open fire, as if
to get it over with.

the wounded patriots cry out.  more shots.  then silence.

gabriel, his hands bound behind him, looks to his father
with a combination of resoluteness and fear.  marion locks
eyes with him.

				nathan
		father, you can't let them take
		him...

				marion
		quiet.

marion and the children

watch as the redcoats form up and move out, leading
gabriel on a tether.  gabriel looks back helplessly but a
hard jerk on the rope by one of the redcoats turns him
around.  they disappear around a bend in the road.

the instant the redcoats are out of sight, marion speaks
firmly to his weeping children.

				marion
		don't move.

marion strides to his front door and enters the burning
house.

inside, fire everywhere.  picking a route between the
flames, marion walks to his gun cabinet.  he opens it and
pulls out weapons -- two pennsylvania rifles, two muskets,
two pistols, a long-bladed knife and a worn tomahawk.  he
carries them, with powder horns and ammunition pouches
back toward the door.

marion walks out of the burning house.

				marion
		nathan, samuel...

without breaking stride, marion throws muskets to nathan
and samuel who catch them.

				marion
		margaret, take william and susan to
		the river shed.  hide there.  if
		we're not back by dawn, go up the
		river to the richardson's house.
		they'll take you to your aunt
		charlotte's farm.  nathan, samuel,
		and i are going to get gabriel.

				margaret
		but what about thomas?

				marion
		leave him.  take care of william and
		susan.

marion runs off toward the woods, nathan and samuel
follow.  margaret hesitates, then herds william and susan
toward the river.  the house is enveloped in flames.

