ext.  cheraw falls - day

marion finishes tying his gear onto his horse.  the
children are silent.  he stands beside his horse.  one
after another, the children walk to him and embrace him --
nathan, samuel, margaret, william.

he sees susan, standing next to charlotte.  he motions to
her but she doesn't move.  then he kneels down and gently
hugs her.

				marion
		just a little goodbye?  one word?
		that's all i want to hear.

susan remains silent, standing with her arms at her sides,
not responding to the embrace.

finally, marion lets go of her.  she just stares at him.

marion stands and turns to charlotte.

				marion
		goodbye, charlotte.

				charlotte
		goodbye.

they embrace.  though the hug is chaste, their eyes tell a
different story.  only anne and margaret notice, but to
them it's as clear as a bell.  they exchange a knowing
look.

marion and charlotte break apart, self-consciously.

marion and gabriel mount up and start to ride away.  as
they're about to round a curve and disappear, susan cries
out:

				susan
		papa!

with halting steps, then faster and faster, she runs down
the path toward marion.

				susan
		papa, don't go, i'll say anything.

marion stops, turning in his saddle to see susan running
after him, her eyes filled with tears.

				susan
		please, papa, i'll say anything you
		want!

marion yanks his reins, turning his horse.

				susan
		just tell me what to say!  tell me
		what to say!

marion spurs his horse straight toward her, galloping
toward the running, crying child.

				susan
		please, papa, please don't go.

marion rides toward her...

charlotte, anne and marion's children watch as:

marion leans over in the saddle without slowing down...

swooping her into his lap...

she sits astride the saddle, facing him, her arms wrapped
around him, pleading, the words tumbling from her, as fast
as she can get them out...

				susan
		... i'll talk to you, i'll say
		anything you want, just tell me what
		you want me to say, i'll say
		anything, i promise, please, papa,
		just stay...

marion envelopes the sobbing wisp of a girl, holding her,
letting her cry, fighting his own tears...

he reins back the horse, stopping in front of the
others...

he pleadingly looks to charlotte who steps up to the
horse... to take susan...

marion gives susan a final embrace, and covers her face
with kisses...

				marion
		i'll come back... i promise...

marion hands the still crying susan down to charlotte...

marion, in agony, averts his eyes, yanks his reins, and
spurs his horse...

as he rides away the children take off after him, running.

susan seeing the others running after marion, struggles
out of charlotte's arms, and runs after them as well...

marion rides, now joined by gabriel, faster and faster,
leaving a trail of dust...

the children slow, then stop, one after another, watching
as they ride away.

