ext.  charleston road - day

marion and forty of his men, including gabriel, sit on
their motionless horses in the middle of the road.  there
are a number of new faces among marion's men, among them
ben rollins.  gabriel is lost in thought.

				marion
		gabriel?  are you asleep?

				gabriel
		we're low on salt.  i should go to
		pembroke and get some.

				billings
		you got salt last week.

				gabriel
		oh, right.
			   (beat)
		baking powder, we need baking
		powder.

				billings
		we've got plenty of baking powder.
		you went to pembroke and got five
		pounds two weeks ago.

gabriel sighs.  they hear a sound approaching, then see
two british wagons round a curve with a guard of only six
redcoats, commanded by a redcoat sergeant.  the redcoat
sergeant signals stop.

				redcoat sergeant
		halt.  look alive, boys.

the young redcoat privates nervously unshoulder their
muskets.

				marion
		sergeant, this road is closed.
		those wagons now belong to the
		continental army.

				redcoat sergeant
		ready arms!  by twos!

marion's surprised by the sergeant's order.

				marion
		sergeant, there's no reason for you
		and your men to die.  just leave the
		wagons and go.

				redcoat sergeant
		steady, boys...

marion sighs and lets loose with a piercing whistle.  the
underbrush parts and more of marion's men show themselves,
muskets leveled at the outnumbered redcoats.

				redcoat sergeant
		this is the king's highway and i
		advise you and your men to make way.
			   (to his men)
		prepare to fire.

marion exchanges a look with rev. oliver who, like marion,
doesn't want to kill these men.  seeing no other option,
marion turns to give the order, then stops, hearing a
faint barely detectable, rumbling sound...

a moment later brother joseph hears it as well... horses
hooves, lots of them, growing louder by the second,
thundering toward them from the road behind the british
wagons...

then, the sound of more horses, coming in fast on both
flanks.

				marion
		it's a trap...

the canvas sides of the british wagons are thrown up and
dozens of redcoats, armed with muskets, spill out...

marion's unmounted men run to their horses, leaping into
their saddles...

then green dragoons appear, galloping down the wooded
slopes on both flanks, astonishing horsemen, weaving
through the trees without slacking their pace, swords
drawn, pistols primed...

				redcoat sergeant
		fire!

a thunderous volley erupts from the redcoat infantry,
killing several of marion's men...

marion's men fire back from their bucking mounts, most of
their shots going awry...

behind the british wagons, a huge detachment of green
dragoons appears, tarleton among them...

marion sees the dragoons but not tarleton himself...

marion and his men spur their mounts, taking off down the
road in the opposite direction...

the flanking bodies of dragoons gallop out of the woods,
joining the main body, riding in hard pursuit...

