ext.  pond bluff road - day

a dirt road runs along the edge of the santee swamps,
stretching toward green, rolling hills beyond.  beautiful
country.  peaceful.  then, the ground begins to shake.  a
thunderous sound rises, louder and louder.  horses hooves.
from around a bend, a detachment of cavalry gallops:

british green dragoons.  the finest light calvary in the
world.  hard, strong men.  excellent horsemen.  their
mounts are powerful, muscled and perfectly cared for.  the
dragoons themselves are all hardened veterans, marked with
the blood and dirt of a recent battle.  tired and
vigorous.

they're armed to the teeth.  each carries a flintlock
carbine, a brace of pistols and a sword.  some carry
lances as well.  regimental flags flutter.  they are forty
of the most imposing, frightening horsemen imaginable.

and at their head, the most imposing man of all, lt.
colonel banastre tarleton.  "the butcher."  aristocratic.
strong.  dark.  a powerful horseman on the best mount of
the entire troop.  decorated.  imperious.  no temper, just
hard, cold authority.  his men struggle to keep up with
him.

behind them, two dozen loyalist militia calvary (american
civilians loyal to the crown).  nasty, local men.
civilian clothes.  riding at their head is amos gaskins,
grizzled, lower-class, wearing ill-fitting patrician's
clothing.

around a bend

the three wounded patriots who just left marion's farm
hear the horses coming, stand on the side of the road,
raise their arms and a white cloth of surrender.

the green dragoons rein in.  tarleton stops in front of
the three men.  he motions for one of his men to lower his
weapon.  then he speaks calmly, quietly, to the wounded
men.

				tarleton
		you're surrendering.

				continental sergeant
		yes, sir.

				tarleton
		what unit?

				continental sergeant
		first virginia regulars under
		colonel hamilton.

				tarleton
		who cared for your wounds?

they hesitate.

				continental sergeant
		we did.

				tarleton
		with a lace table cloth?

tarleton turns to his second-in-command, major wilkins.

				tarleton
		kill them.

tarleton rides off.  wilkins and several other dragoons
calmly fire their pistols, killing the three patriots.
the troops ride off, thundering past the bodies of the
three men.

