ext.  camden hillside - day

marion and gabriel ride to the crest of a hill.  a vista
spreads out before them.  they see an awesome sight -- a
massive slash of red approaches a massive slash of blue.
a battle is taking place about five miles away.

gabriel starts to spur his horse but marion restrains him.

				marion
		no, it's too late.

gabriel stops.  marion points out brightly colored
clusters of men behind each army.

				marion
		command posts... patriot...
		british...

the distant slash of red stops.  marion and gabriel hear
only a gentle wind and some nearby songbirds.

then, from a black mass of the side of the red slash, a
sudden, silent eruption of white smoke.

an instant later, the blue slash quivers.  a moment later
the sound of the cannons, rumbles up the hill and rolls
over marion and gabriel.

the red slash stops moving.  it darkens as thousands of
redcoats raise their muskets and the front ranks kneel
into firing position.

marion's eyes dart.  he knows what's coming.

				marion
		break for the trees... break for the
		trees...

a massive eruption of white smoke billows from the red
slash.  an instant later, the blue line starts to break up
as hundreds of distant patriots fall.

the sound of the british muskets reaches marion and
gabriel like the pattering of rain.

then the smoke of ineffective, scattered volleys erupts
from the patriot lines.  the red line holds firm.

				marion
		send them to cover!  goddamn you!

but the blue line of the patriots stays in the open field.

from behind the redcoats, fast-moving green and red masses
move quickly onto the battlefield.  cavalry.

				gabriel
		father, we have to do something...

the british cavalry slams into the blue line, shattering
it.  tiny bits of blue move in every direction.

				gabriel
		father...

				marion
		it's already over.

marion watches, appalled.  at this distance the moving
slashes of color and billowing smoke are strangely
beautiful.  marion turns his horse and heads down the
hill, toward the rear of the patriot lines.

