ext.  low meadow - yorktown - morning

marion and his men wait.

a strange sound.  soft, muted.  the men turn their heads,
listening, their eyes shifting.

they hear the sound of thousands of boots on wet grass,
advancing...

the camera watches the faces of marion and his men as they
listen to an unseen army approaching.

on marion's face we see him hearing every sound and we see
flash cuts of what he knows he's hearing:

the boots of the unseen soldiers...

shouldered muskets clicking against pack buckles...

silence at a stop...

more drums...

the men around marion wait.

then, they see it...

a massive wall of red appears over the rise in front of
them...

thousands of redcoats, in perfect formation, marching in
lockstep, straight for them.

marion sees the fear on his men's faces, but none of them
move...

the british drums grow louder and louder... it's almost
enough to drive a man to flight... almost.

the camera explores the faces of marion's men, faces that
we know, rev. oliver, scott, abner, marion.  all are
frightened but all are motionless.

closer and closer, the british line approaches...

the american's don't move...

then, the british line stops...

at a flurry of commands, the redcoats ready their muskets,
then aim...

still, marion and the americans don't move...

dead silence...

then, a single, thin voice calls out from the british
lines...

in a thunderous, massive volley, three thousand british
muskets fire simultaneously... just as the entire line of
american militiamen dive to the ground...

many americans are saved by the move but many, many others
are torn apart by the british musketballs...

the amount of smoke is incredible... it obscures
everything.  each musket spits out a billow of think white
smoke a dozen feet in front of it and three thousand of
them just fired.  the massive, opaque white cloud quickly
spreads over the entire battlefield.

the astonished redcoats instantly reload...

and watch as the americans rise in disorderly panic and
flee...

some redcoats laugh...

on a rise behind the battlefield, cornwallis, watches
through his spyglass, trying to get a sense of what's
happening before the spreading cloud of musket smoke
obscures everything.

he barks to his signalman...

				cornwallis
		fix bayonets... dispatch the green
		dragoons.

the signalman raises his semaphore flags and snaps the
message.

marion and his men are caught in the middle of the chaotic
retreat...

the british line advances at a quickstep, bayonets
fixed...

from behind them, the green dragoons appear, at a full
gallop, tarleton at their head...

the battlefield

it's an astonishing sight... total madness... hell... a
painting by hieronymous bosch...   

the mass of the british infantry charges after the fleeing
patriot militiamen...

the redcoat infantry grows disorderly as it runs...

tarleton and the british cavalry thunders to the head of
the redcoats, closing in on the fleeing patriots.  the
cavalry swords are drawn and raised for a slaughter...

then suddenly

stepping into view from behind a low, grass covered rise,
a solid line of blue appears, rock solid...

it open up, allowing the fleeing patriots to pass through
it like water...

then it closes again, becoming a solid blue wall...

marion, his men and the entire mass of fleeing militia
stops dead, turns and joins the blue american line...

a flurry of orders, then the blue wall erupts with a
volley of musket fire that stops the disorderly british
advance in its tracks...

hundreds of redcoats fall instantly...

hundreds of green dragoons and their horses fall with
them...

the effect of the volley is devastating...'

the american timing is perfect...

again, the amount of smoke is astonishing... visibility
drops to less than twenty feet in most places...

drifting smoke opens up glimpses of the battle here and
there but it is primarily a battle of sound...

men simply follow the men in front of them...

the blue continentals advance in an orderly manner from
both flanks onto the redcoats, trapping them...

the redcoats try to flee...

fighting small, gathered holding actions...

marion fires one of his pistols...

draws his sword...

slashes downward... killing one redcoat after another...

no remorse, no hesitation, no pity...

a relentless, simple battle...

slashing through the redcoat infantry...

his sword sinks into the stock of an upraised british
musket and is pulled from his hands...

marion quickly kills the redcoat with his pistol...

then, through the smoke, marion catches a glimpse of
tarleton...

marion freezes... his eyes locked on tarleton who is
fighting a pitched battle, making his way toward the
perimeter of the field, trying to escape back to the
british lines...

seeing nothing but tarleton, marion hurriedly tears open
his weapons pouch and pulls out one of the bullets made
from thomas' lead soldiers...

as he loads the pistol, his eyes still trained on
tarleton, dalton runs up in the chaos...

				dalton
		colonel!  our line!

marion finishes reloading... distracted he turns to dalton
for an instant...

				dalton
		our line is faltering...

marion takes a quick glance at the continental line,
seeing...

scott, rev. oliver, abner and a dozen more of his men, in
the middle of a confused battle, with a larger mass of
redcoats who are advancing through the broken continental
line...

marion is torn...

he looks to tarleton, seeing him distracted, vulnerable
but too distant a target for the pistol...

then marion looks to rev. oliver and the others... dalton
can't wait... he runs off...

marion wavers...

then he takes a last look at tarleton and heads off to
help the faltering patriots...

tarleton sees the movement of marion and his men and sees
marion himself, his back exposed...

at the patriot line...

marion, dalton and two dozen other militia cavalrymen
arrive at the same time, beating back the redcoats...

as blue-uniformed continentals reform the line, firing at
the faltering redcoats...

tarleton sees marion and fights his way toward him...

marion is oblivious, concentrating on holding the american
line...

tarleton mounts a terrified, riderless horses, draws his
sword and gallops back toward the british lines, on a path
that takes him directly past marion...

tarleton gets closer... raises his sword... slashes...

marion catches the flash of the blade out of the corner of
his eye...

diverts the blow, knocking tarleton from the mount...

tarleton hits the ground... marion draws his pistol, about
to fire at tarleton...

tarleton kicks out, knocking the pistol from marion's
hand...

tarleton grabs his sword, slashes at marion who dodges the
blow...

tarleton advances... marion scrambles back, then rises...

marion grabs a broken cavalry lance and fends off repeated
blows from tarleton's sword...

then marion sees his pistol, loaded with a bullet from
thomas' lead soldiers, lying on the ground...

marion makes his way toward the weapon... still blocking
blows from tarleton's sword...

marion focuses on the pistol... leaving himself exposed...

tarleton sees the opening... moves on marion... tarleton
raises his sword, about to deliver the killing blow...

marion dives... grabs his pistol... fires... killing
tarleton with a shot to the chest...

marion, stunned, exhausted and surprised to be alive,
watches tarleton fall...

marion stands over tarleton's body and gives himself a
moment of bitter triumph, then he turns back to the battle
at hand...

marion picks up tarleton's sword and runs to the american
line which stiffens as dalton and rev. oliver are joined
by marion and a dozen other patriots...

the blue-uniformed continentals reform their line...

marion looks back toward tarleton but finds that his body,
along with the place and the moment of his death, has
disappeared into the smoke of the battle...

marion and his men fight on... then, redcoats start
fleeing the field...

first one redcoat at a time... then more and more...

