ext.  wooded hillside - afternoon

marion runs up to the crest of a wooded hill.  slows.
crawls the last few feet.  nathan and samuel just behind
him.  looks over the hillside.

a path runs through a glen, about fifty feet below.
marion's eyes dart, absorbing the terrain, looking for
advantage.  he points.

				marion
		nathan, there.  samuel, there.

the boys go where they're told.

				marion
		i'll fire first.  then, nathan, kill
		whoever is standing closest to
		gabriel.  samuel, kill the last man
		in the line.

they stagger under the weight of the orders.  marion
notices but continues.

				marion
		after that, samuel, load for nathan.
		if something happens to me, put down
		your weapons and run as fast as you
		can, that way, downhill.  hide in
		the brush by the river, then make
		your way home, get the others and go
		to aunt charlotte's farm.

the boys hesitate.  marion looks at them firmly.

				marion
		boys... steady.

				nathan & samuel
		yes, father.

marion disappears into the underbrush.

down the path

the dozen redcoats approach.  leading gabriel on the rope.

ahead of them

marion waits in the thick undergrowth.

on the hillside, nathan and samuel grip their muskets and
exchange a frightened, troubled look.

the redcoats enter the glen.

marion waits, then picks his moment and fires, killing the
redcoat lieutenant with a shot to the chest.

nathan and samuel instantly fire, dropping the last
redcoat in the line and the one holding gabriel's rope.

the redcoats stop in confusion...

gabriel kneels, out of the line of fire.

the redcoat sergeant takes command...

				redcoat sergeant
		form by twos!  back-to-back lines...

marion kills the sergeant with a shot to the throat...

samuel finishes reloading, swaps muskets with nathan who
fires, dropping another redcoat.

				redcoat corporal
		ready...

marion fires, killing the corporal, the last man of
rank...

marion ducks to the side as a volley of redcoat musket
fire tears into the spot marked by marion's rifle smoke...

from this moment on, marion never stops moving.  he
strides rather than runs, staying just inside the brush,
offering only glimpses of himself.  he changes his pace
and direction repeatedly, ducking and weaving, firing and
loading while moving.  he never gives the redcoats a
stationary target, especially one marked by billowing
smoke from his flintlock.  it's an indian tactic and it
works.

the redcoats track him with their barrels, about to
fire... marion suddenly stops dead, reverses direction,
several redcoats fire and miss.

six redcoats left.  some primed, some reloading.  a
redcoat draws a bead on marion who drops to the ground and
fires, killing him.

samuel, weeping as he loads, hands a primed musket to
nathan who fires...

the redcoats turn their attention to the spot marked by
nathan's smoke...

marion sees the redcoats aiming toward the boys.  he
instantly strides out into the open, drawing the redcoats'
attention from his sons...

marion fires both his pistols, killing two redcoats...

one redcoat finishes reloading... marion rushes him,
shoves aside the barrel and slams him in the face with the
butt of the musket...

this is a different marion, a vicious, savage marion,
killing with stunning brutality...

marion drops his own expended rifle and catches the
redcoat's loaded musket before it hits the ground shoves
that musket into another redcoat's belly and fires...

two redcoats left, neither finished loading...

marion charges, drawing his tomahawk, ignores a glancing
bayonet wound to the neck, hacks a redcoat open...

splattering himself with blood...

the final redcoat, a cherubic-face young man, ducks into
the woods... marion tears after him...

a footrace... the young redcoat blasting through the
brush... the older marion, panting, losing ground...

a clearing... the redcoat is almost to the cover of the
trees on the far side...

marion throws his tomahawk which flies through the air and
sinks in the redcoat's back...

marion runs to the wounded redcoat, grabs his hair, yanks
back his head and slits his throat...

then, without pausing, marion wrenches the tomahawk from
the redcoat's body, and races back toward his sons...

at the glen

nathan and a weeping samuel, stunned at the carnage,
stumble down the hillside toward gabriel.  marion runs up
and motions for them to stop.

marion, checks the redcoats, making sure they're all dead.

				marion
		samuel, reload.  nathan, untie
		gabriel.

they quickly do so as marion picks up a loaded musket and
scans the road and the underbrush.  in a moment they're
ready.  marion finds his own pennsylvania rifle, then he
and his sons disappear into the underbrush.

