ext.  snow's island encampment - morning

day breaks.  a low, thick swamp mist covers the
encampment.  marion, sits alone by the embers of last
night's campfire.  the men are awake.  some eat, others
talk.

marion pulls himself out of his dark reverie.  he takes
the bullets from the mold and puts them in a pouch
attached to his weapons' belt.  then he rises and heads
over to the men.

he surveys his brigade.  twenty-six men:  framers,
artisans, mountain men, none in uniform.  marion walks
among them, nodding familiarly to several.  he notices an
imposing looking cherokee indian, brother joseph, standing
a bit apart from the others.  they exchange nods.

he notices a stern-looking man in partial clerical garb,
rev. charles oliver.

				marion
		reverend.

				rev. oliver
		i heard about your son.  i'm sorry.

marion accepts his condolences.  he notes george dalton, a
tough-looking, rustic man with an ice-cold, distant stare.

				marion
		dalton.

dalton doesn't respond.  marion recognizes another face,
abner brown, african-american, around thirty, rugged.

marion addresses the men who do not gather around so much
as just give him their attention.

				marion
		you all have your own reasons for
		being here.  i lost a son and i
		intend to kill the man who killed
		him...

marion pauses and looks over at gabriel.

				marion
		... but i don't consider that man's
		life adequate payment for the life
		of my son, and killing him won't
		keep the sons of other men from
		dying...

gabriel nods, approvingly.

				marion
		cornwallis has to move north.  we
		have to keep him right here.  if
		he's south of the chesapeake when
		the french arrive, if the french
		arrive, we have a chance of winning
		this war.

marion looks from face to face.

				marion
		eat, get some rest, we move out in
		two hours.

marion heads back to his campsite, passing gabriel without
looking at him, but very aware of his son's eyes on him.

