ext. world's fair - night

the saucer crashes through the unisphere, an enormous steel globe, and
thuds to the earth, crashing through brush, dirt and rock...

jay and kay come to their feet...

in front of them, the dust clears... trees uprooted, stones and dirt
thrown everywhere...a dumpster has been cast to their left...

and the saucer is there, embedded in the earth, tipped off-kilter in a
mound of debris...

a hatch comes up...revealing edgar, walking slowly toward them, with
contained fury.

				edgar
		you don't get it. i've won. it's over.

				kay
		you are under arrest for violating number
		4-1-53 of the tycho accord. please hand
		over any galaxy you might be carrying.

				edgar
		you milk-suckers! you don't matter! in a
		few seconds you won't even be matter!

				kay
		move away from the vehicle and put your
		hands on your head.

he pumps the gun for emphasis.

				edgar
		put my hands on my head?

edgar stares at him. then flexes his arms, still encased in flesh. his
giant pincers rip free of the rotting skin.

he extends both pincers to the sides, and, my god, his reach must be
twelve feet across.

now the skin and clothes on edgar's legs begins to crack and shred. they
burst apart, revealing two hideous, doubled-over insect legs. the bug
raises himself aloft on his legs.

he sucks in a deep breath of air, and now the rest of the edgar suit goes
the way of the arms and legs. the torso explodes in great rendering of
cloth and skin, and finally

edgar's head simply bursts apart, spattering against the walls. edgar now
reveals himself as he really is: a hairy, bug-like exoskeleton, a scaly
tail with a long stinger, a head like a cobra with elliptical eyes and a
small nose, and two horse-like feet with three toes each.

he raises his pincers in the air, resting them on his head. the galaxy
hangs on a chain around his neck.

				bug
		like this?

kay and jay pump their guns and aim at the bug.

suddenly the bug spits. and a huge, slimy wad of goo shoots from him and
engulfs both shotguns. the bug snorts it back, tearing them from jay and
kay's grasp, then swallowing them.

jay and kay have only a second to react before --

the bug swipes at them with the back of his clawed hand, like someone
brushing aside a gnat -- and sends them flying fifteen feet in the air.

