ext. alley (matrix) day

the sky and matrix are still  frozen. trinity and choi make their  way
along cautiously, leapfrogging from cover to cover. they pause  behind
a dumpster, and  just before looking  out, there’s the  sound of metal
tapping metal, twice.

trinity looks in  the direction of  the sound. morpheus  and niobe are
standing still in the shadows, near the end of the alley. trinity  and
choi make their way to them.

trinity peeks  cautiously around  the edge.  on the  other side of the
street is a phone booth.

                               trinity

                            "is it clear?"

                               morpheus

                         "i smell an ambush."

                                niobe

                         "me too. too quiet."

                   choi grips his gun and grimaces.

                                 choi

           "too quiet? the world is frozen. i’ll go first."

                        no one likes the idea.

real-time suddenly returns.  the lightning bolts  in the sky  suddenly
re-animate, thundering out of existence, making the four of them  jump
out of their skulls. the sounds of the city suddenly flood back.

on the street, people stir to  their feet. everyone is confused as  to
what happened.


ext. plaza

it’s a sea of the dead. from its center, neo emerges, soaked in blood,
gagging and  gasping for  breath. he  stumbles over  them. shocked and
crazed, he glimpses the metacortex building. it’s in one piece  again,
unharmed.

he falls against  a smashed corporate  art sculpture. he  picks a cell
phone up from the ground and dials.

                                 neo

                         "morpheus, pick up."

we hear nothing but static.  disgusted, neo throws the phone  away. he
falls against the sculpture and looks up. coming around the corner  of
the building is a group of agents and soldiers.

neo  sinks down,  staring at  his hands.  he catches  his breath  and
concentrates.  the  blood  disappears,  and he  dons  the  suit  of an
anonymous soldier in black. his face, too, seems to change.

he stands and walks away. we only see his back.


