we drop into bullet time as a cone of fire - bigger than the tank  and
the shape of a  pine tree, blows out  of the barrel, pushing  the tank
back. from the fire streaks a  heat round, white hot, leaving a  laser
like tracer as it bears down on neo.

                              real time

 the tracer stops in front of neo, and out of the air the heat round
  appears. suspended in air, it shakes with violence. it accelerates
        backwards, flying straight back into the tank barrel.


int. tank turret

the gunner screams as the breech explodes, blocking our view.


ext. tank

the tanks explodes like a  60-ton hand grenade, plowing soldiers  onto
their faces, consuming the unlucky ones close to it, and throwing  the
30-ton turret straight up, 10 yards into the air. it rotates,  aflame,
and comes crashing down on a nearby commander and his radio man.


int. metacortex office

the  explosion shakes  the building.  the scene  below is  a complete
route. black smoke billows up  from the flaming wrecks. the  remaining
tanks aren’t retreating  - the crews  are piling out  and running. the
apache helicopters turn tail and run.

                             agent jones

                      "the plan is not working."

                             agent smith

                              "no shit."

                     agent brown enters the room.

                             agent brown

                      "what about your protégé?"

                             agent smith

          "he’s not ready yet. i’ll deal with this myself."

                             agent jones

                        "you can’t beat him."

                             agent smith

                 "i’ve been altered. i’m smith, 2.0."

             agents brown and jones look at one another.

                              cu: smith

 he clenches his teeth, as though he’s girding himself for something.

                                smith

              "kill the others. i’ll take care of this."


int. main bridge

razor is at  his operator chair,  surrounded by consoles.  some of the
matrix code screens are in blue, others in red, at least one in green.
the code  on the  green screen  starts pouring  down at  an incredible
rate.

                                razor

                               "fuck."

                   he hits something on the keypad.


ext. roof

                     morpheus answers his phone.


int. main bridge

                                razor

"they’re about to pull something. processing power is pouring into the
agent programs and they’re locking onto your 3-d grid displacements.


ext. roof

                               morpheus

             "send through ghosts to confuse their lock."

                                razor

                              "got it."


int. main bridge

the ghost program  is loaded. we  see 3-d images  of morpheus and  the
others flash across the screen.


int. office building

smith stands alone, his comrades have disappeared.

the glass before him shimmers.


ext. office

the mirrored glass of smith’s office wavers, then explodes towards us.
smith jumps, and we pan down to follow his descent. he smacks into the
pavement on his feet in front of neo.


ext. metacortex plaza


smith stands, facing neo, about two fighting distances away.

neo’s  concentration is  broken. the  metacortex building  comes to  a
shuddering halt.

                                 neo

                            "you’re back."

cu: smith

                               he nods.

                                 neo

                    "and you have a ponytail now."

as we concentrate  on neo, and  he concentrates on  smith, we can  see
more black suits marching up behind him.

neo attacks smith. smith backs away slowly, blocking against a  losing
battle and taking hits. meanwhile,  the men in black converge  on neo.
just as neo  lands a smashing  blow on smith’s  chin, three voices  at
once shout:

                                "hey!"

neo turns,  and smith  pushes him  hard in  the opposite  direction to
face:

three smiths! they attack at once, one going low and hard with a  knee
breaking sweep kick, the other punching neo in the face, and the third
