               int. sam's kitchen - evening

               sam enters, still in sweats, carrying a book. he opens the 
               fridge, grabs a beer, shuts it, is confronted by josie's 
               picture. he takes it down, looks at it.

                                     josie
                         and then i discovered it wasn't so 
                         bad. i wasn't so bad. so, now that 
                         i'm ready to start living the rest 
                         of my life, it would be magical if 
                         i could live the rest of it with 
                         him.

               sam lets the photo slowly drop from his hand into the trash.

                                     josie
                         because inside everyone is a loser 
                         afraid to be loved, and out there 
                         is the one person who can kiss us 
                         and make it all better.

               we follow sam's stare down into the trash and see the photo 
               lying on top and to the side of josie's article--the photos 
               from the article are clearly visible.

               angle on hot dogs, popcorn changing hands being sold by 
               the truckload at the stadium. the crowds are over capacity. 
               way over. people fill the parking lot, they cover every 
               other inch of school grounds, as well. they stand on the 
               roofs of nearby buildings, they sit on top of their cars. 
               it looks like most of chicago is either already there, or 
               on their way.

               some women hold signs for josie, others hold and wave her 
               article.

               josie sticks her head out of the dugout, and looks out at 
               the fans. tv reporters are everywhere, including several 
               on the field. she looks like she may faint. she ducks back 
               in.

