               ext. mr. gumb's house - dusk

               the front porch of the tall victorian house is bathed in a 
               glare of tv lights, police and ambulance flashers. cars and 
               vans and even a firetruck choke the street; cops, reporters, 
               ems workers and curious civilians swarm around the ineffective 
               barricades. the buzz of their voices goes even higher as

               clarice

               dazed, her face bandaged - comes out of the house, walking 
               protectively beside catherine, who is wheeled on a gurney.

               they are followed out by uniformed cops, then two firemen 
               with an extension ladder. catherine, blinking in confusion, 
               is still clutching the little dog, and refuses to give her 
               up even as she's trundled into an ambulance. clarice sways 
               with exhaustion; everyone seems to be shouting at her at 
               once, pulling her sleeve. she tries to fight free of them, 
               desperate for a familiar face.

               an ohio highway patrol car

               pulls up, stops, and crawford climbs out of the back seat. 
               he makes his way anxiously through the press of bodies, 
               stopping when he sees clarice.

               they look at one another

               for a long moment, crawford choked with pride for her, with 
               sorrow for her ordeal, with love, but unable to find any 
               words. and then he does.

                                     crawford
                         starling... your father sees you.

               and then all at once she is sobbing, her knees giving way, 
               but he is there to catch her, he is hugging her fiercely. 
               hold on them for a long beat.

                                     director burke (v.o.)
                              (over loudspeaker)
                         congratulations! you are now officers 
                         of the federal bureau of 
                         investigation...

                                                               dissolve to:

