               int. garment sweatshop - day

               moving angle - mr. gumb's pov as he pushes a rolling rack of 
               completed leather garments, each wrapped in plastic, down as 
               aisle. sound of many sewing machines, all clattering at once, 
               as he passes row on row of work tables. the seamstresses, 
               mostly black or hispanic, glance up as he passes, then quickly 
               avert their eyes, his presence disturbing them in some 
               nameless way.

               a thin foreman in a flowery shirt, sees him approaching. he 
               rises from his desk and comes over cheerfully, as the rack 
               rolls to a stop.

                                     foreman
                         hello, dear! punctual as always. and 
                         what have you brought us today?

               he seizes one of the dangling jackets, pulling up the plastic 
               wrapper. he examines it, stroking the sleeve.

                                     foreman
                         oh, marvelous... you know, i always 
                         say you're the leonardo of leather.

                                     mr. gumb (o.s.)
                              (a harsh whisper)
                         oil.

                                     foreman
                         pardon...?

                                     mr. gumb (o.s.)
                         you're leaving oil on the skin.

               the foreman quickly releases the jacket.

                                     foreman
                         of course... you'll be wanting your -

               mr. gumb's hand reaches into shot, snatching an envelope 
               from him. the foreman is watching him walk away, as a 
               seamstress comes over to take the rack of garments. the 
               foreman is vaguely troubled, but shakes it off. he strokes 
               the jacket again, admiringly.

                                     foreman
                              (to seamstress)
                         i wish we had a dozen like him...

               sound upcut - glenn gould playing bach's goldberg 
               variations...

                                                                    cut to:

