               int. storage shed - dusk (very dark)

               clarice squirms, on her back, through the narrow opening. as 
               she squeezes all the way in, she snags one thigh on the metal 
               edge of the door. she curses softly, shining her flashlight 
               on her ripped khakis - there's a small streak of blood.

                                     mr. yow (o.s.)
                         okay, miss starling?

                                     clarice
                         okay, mr. yow...

               she shines her light around. in its narrow beam, we see -

               clarice's pov - upward, shifting

               spiderwebs, everywhere... high stacks of cardboard boxes... 
               a few dusty pieces of furniture... the big car, oddly long 
               and tall, covered with a tarp... suddenly there's a scurrying 
               of loud musical notes. clarice turns, scared, her beam 
               capturing... an old upright piano.

                                     mr. yow (o.s.)
                         you're playing a piano, miss starling?

                                     clarice
                         that wasn't me.

                                     mr. yow (o.s.)
                         oh.

               clarice crawls a bit further. there's hardly room to stand, 
               but she finally manages to wriggle upright, clawing away 
               cobwebs, next to the car. holding her light under one arm, 
               she takes several flash photos of the shed's interior, ending 
               with the car. then, slinging her camera over the shoulder, 
               she folds back the tarp, resting it on the roof. the resulting 
               clouds of dust make her cough.

               the car

               is an antique beauty, a 1931 packard. it's very dusty, despite 
               the tarp. curtains close off the back passenger compartment, 
               but there's a narrow gap in them. more mousy rustlings.

               clarice

               peers in through the gap, aiming her flashlight.

               her pov - shifting

               as the thin flashlight beam picks out: the broad back seat... 
               as open album of lacy, old-fashioned valentines... a crumpled 
               lap rug, on the floor... and then a pair of women's shiny, 
               high-heeled pumps... above these, the hem of a fancy satin 
               evening gown - and a pair of pale, stockinged legs.

               clarice recoils, alarmed, then steadies herself.

                                     clarice
                         mr. yow? oh mr. yow...? it looks 
                         like somebody is sitting in this 
                         car.

                                     mr. yow (o.s.)
                         oh my! oh my... maybe you better 
                         come out now, miss starling.

                                     clarice
                         not yet! - just wait for me.
                              (under the breath)
                         maybe in about two seconds.

               she leans down with her camera, takes a flash through the 
               gap, then tries the door handle. locked. so is the front 
               door. she looks around, aiming her light, and locates a tangle 
               of coat-hangers, sticking out of a carton of bric-a-brac. 
               she pulls out one of these, straightens it quickly, bends 
               the tip into a hook.

               close angle

               as she jams this tool inside the join at the top of the back 
               passenger window, then fishes around till she can snag the 
               inside door latch, pulling up. a satisfying click.

               clarice opens the door - it hits stacked boxes, and won't 
               open far - then very cautiously leans inside, aiming her 
               flashlight.

               her pov - moving light beam

               revealing more of the evening gown... a pair of hands, in 
               white, elbow-length gloves - one rests on the lap, the other 
               atop a large, beaded, drawstring evening bag... thick strands 
               of costume pearls over the breasts... and finally the white 
               neck stub of a female mannequin. no face or head.

               clarice

               sighs with relief. she takes a couple more flashes, then 
               very carefully lifts out the valentine album, holding it by 
               the corners, and setting it atop the car. then she eases 
               herself inside, onto the back seat, as the springs squeak 
               loudly.

               one gloved hand slides off the lap, brushing clarice's thigh. 

               clarice starts a bit, then pokes at the gloved arm, hard. 
               she peels back a bit of glove, revealing the white, synthetic 
               elbow. she smiles, shaking her head at her own jumpiness, as 
               she reaches over the mannequin's lap to loosen the evening 
               bag's drawstring.

               a severed human head stares back at her, as the beaded 
               material slides away.

               clarice lurches back, gasping loudly, and several long, heart-
               pounding moments pass before she can make herself look more 
               closely.

               the head bobs gently in a pool of alcohol, in a laboratory 
               specimen jar. it is a man's head, but grotesquely transformed, 
               by the addition of heavy makeup, earrings, and a sodden wig, 
               into a woman's face. over the years the makeup has smeared 
               badly, and the pupils have gone almost milky white.

               clarice

               staring at this terrible thing, is pleased to find herself 
               quickly regaining control. she murmurs to herself.

                                     clarice
                         well, toto, we're not in kansas 
                         anymore.

                                                                    cut to:

