int. celeborn's chamber, caras galadhon -- night

                                                          100.



angle on: the fellowship

step onto a wide fleet filled with a soft light. the walls
are green and silver, the roof gold and in its midst is the
trunk of the might mallorn tree, now tapering toward its
crown. celeborn steps forward to greet the guests. his hair
is long and silver, his face grave and beautiful, with no
sign of age upon it. next to him stands galadriel, the lady
of the elves. she has hair of deep gold and timeless,
unsurpassed beauty. celeborn looks hard at aragorn...

                    celeborn
          eight there are, yet nine there were set
          out from rivendell. tell me, where is
          gandalf, for i much desire to speak with
          him.

frodo looks at galadriel, standing silently beside celeborn.

                    galadriel (v.o.)
              (softly aloud)
          ...he has fallen into shadow. galadriel
          looks to aragorn.

                    galadriel (cont'd)
          the quest stands upon the edge of a
          knife. stray but a little and it will
          fail, to the ruin of all...yet hope
          remains while the company is true.

galadriel's eyes settle on sam.

                    galadriel (cont'd)
          do not let your hearts be troubled. go
          now and rest for you are weary with
          sorrow and much toil. galadriel's eyes
          turn to frodo...her voice fades.

                    galadriel (cont'd)
          tonight you will sleep in peace.
              (whispered v/o)
          welcome, frodo of the shire... close on:
          frodo looks at galadriel. sudden insert:
          galadriel as she is on the other

side... powerful, divine...no longer of this world..a
piercing white light surrounds her.

                    galadriel (v.o.) (cont'd)
          ...one who has seen the eye.

                                                        cut to:

                                                          101.



