ext. party field, hobbiton -- night

boom! a firework explodes into the night sky high above
hobbiton...in the shape of a great green tree with unfolding
branches. tilt down: with glowing flowers as they rain down
from the branches...evaporating just above the up turned
faces of the delighted party-goers 144 hobbits, feasting and
drinking carts of beer and wine are scattered about, and the
tables are piled high with steaming scones and savories.
gandalf hurries about, lighting fireworks with a blue spark
that dances magically from his staff... bilbo is greeting
visitors. frodo and sam sit at a table drinking ale...frodo
notices sam's eyes keep flicking to another pretty hobbit,
rosie cotton, sitting some distance away.

                    frodo
          go on, sam, ask rosie for a dance.

                     sam
               (horrified)
          i think i'll just have myself another
          ale.

                    frodo
          oh, no you don't. go on.

sam goes to drain his glass... suddenly it is snatched out of
his hands as frodo thrusts him into the middle of a passing
throng of dancers.

                                                            15.



angle on: sam's horrified face

as he is swept away.   frodo laughs and finishes sam's beer.

                                                      angle on:

gandalf as he sets alight a particularly spectacular firework
that draws gasps of admiration from the party guests.

close on: bilbo is relating stories of his adventure to a
group of young hobbit children.

                    bilbo
              (melodramatic)
          so, there i was...at the mercy of three
          monstrous trolls...have you ever heard of
          a troll? do you know what a troll is?
          great big nasty twenty foot high smelly
          things..and they're arguing...arguing
          about how they were going to cook us!

angle on: a little hobbit girl's

upturned face...her eyes growing larger and larger.

                    bilbo
          whether it be turned on a spit or minced
          in a pie or whether they were going to
          sit on us one by one and squash us into
          jelly! but they spent so long arguing
          the whether-to's and why-for's that the
          sun's first light crept over the top of
          the trees...and turned them all to stone!

stunned gasps from his young audience greet his astonishing
feat! close on: merry and pippin, two mischievous young
hobbits in their late teens. pippin scrambles on to the back
of gandalf's wagon, snatching up a small firework

                    merry
              (urgent whisper)
          no, no..the big one...the big one! pippin
          grabs a huge rocket. close on: firework
          fuse crackles with flame!

merry is holding out the big rocket...he looks aghast at the
fizzing fuse that pippin has just lit.

                    merry (cont'd)
              (worried whisper)
          you're supposed to stick it in the
          ground!


                                                  (continued)

                                                           16.
