ext. galadriels glade, lorthlorien -- night

upon a low stone pedestal, carved like a branching tree, sits
a shallow silver basin. galadriel leads frodo into the small
glade.

                      galadriel
            will you look into the mirror? frodo
            looks with apprehension at the silver
            basin.

                      frodo
                (warily)
            what will i see?

galadriel pours water into the basin from a silver jug...a
glow rises from the water.

                      galadriel
            even the wisest cannot tell for the
            mirror shows many things...things that
            were ..things that are...and some things
            that have not yet come to pass.

frodo slowly steps up to the pedestal...he peers     into the
glossy surface. the night sky is reflected into     the water...
suddenly a figure takes form...the bowed figure     of an old
man, clad in white robes. he walks down a long      road. frodo
leans closer to the mirror's surface...

                                                          103.



close on: gandalf lifts his head and looks directly at frodo!

frodo gasps, his face lighting up with hope.

                    frodo
              (joyous)
          gandalf!

gandalf looks at frodo with a fierce intensity. frodo
reaches out his hand toward the surface of the mirror.
suddenly the image flares, burning out to white. the vision
shifts...frodo gasps in horror! the shire is in ruins! the
image suddenly widens to fill the screen...buildings
burning...bodies strewn about...dark shapes of orcs looting
and destroying...bag end, billowing in flames! the party
tree is hacked down. frodo reels back as the mirror seems to
grow...the nightmarish image sweeps past his head, engulfing
him entirely.

image: hobbiton...now an industrial wasteland! the fields
and trees destroyed...replaced with brick factories belching
smoke! image: orcs brutally herd manacled hobbits into the
factories! we see sam...merry... and rosie cotton. soot-
stained and sobbing, they disappear into the factory hell-
hole! suddenly, the mirror goes dark...and out of the black
abyss a single eye grows. close on: frodo is frozen. unable
to move or cry out. the ring dangles from his neck, inches
above the water...not shimmering with curls of steam. fire
erupts around the eye... with a yell, frodo pushes himself
away from the pedestal and collapses on the ground. light
instantly fades from the mirror. frodo comes to his
senses...he is shocked. galadriel stands still as a statue,
unmoved, untouched by the horror.

                    galadriel
          i know what it is you saw...for it is
          also in my mind. it is the future,
          frodo. it is what will come to pass if
          you should fail.

galadriel looks at frodo intensely...frodo looks down...in
his hand he is clutching the ring. frodo looks up at
galadriel.

                    galadriel (cont'd)
          the fellowship is breaking. it has
          already begun. he will try to take the
          ring. you know of whom i speak. one by
          one, it will destroy them all.

                    frodo (v.o.)
          if you ask it of me, i will give you the
          one ring.

                                                   (continued)

                                                         104.
