ext. wooded road -- day

frodo, sam, and merry and pippin tumble head over heels down
a bank, onto a dark, wooded road. close on: a winded pippin,
his face inches away from a large pile of horse droppings...

                    pippin
          that was close.

frodo picks himself up and looks around quickly.

                    merry
              (groaning)
          ow...i think i've broken something.

pulls a large carrot, almost broken through in the middle,
out from his back pocket.

                    merry (cont'd)
          oh.

                    sam
              (turning on merry and pippin)
          trust a brandybuck and a took.

                    merry
          what? that was just a detour...a
          shortcut.

                    sam
          a shortcut to what?

pippin has spied something under the trees on the far side of
the road.

                     pippin
              (excited)
          mushrooms!

close on: small, brown mushrooms growing amongst the loamy
undergrowth. sam, merry, and pippin race toward the
mushrooms! frodo is tense and watchful. he realizes they are
on a wooded road. scattered leaves rise into the air whirling
down the road as if blown by an invisible wind...

                                                             41.



suddenly... the sound of horses hooves...

                      frodo
            i think we should get off the road.

a long drawn wail comes down the wind, like the cry of some
evil and lonely creature.

                      frodo (cont'd)
                (more urgency)
            get off the road!

sam grabs merry and pippin as the hobbits quickly scramble
down the bank, hiding under a mossy log. the sound of hooves
is close... a sinister mounted ringwrath steps into
view...hooded and faceless, mounted on a huge snarling black
horse with insane eyes ! frodo freezes in terror. the
ringwraith pauses right beside their hiding place...he sits
very still with his head bowed, listening. from inside the
hood comes a sniffing noise as if he is trying to catch an
elusive scent; his head turning from side to side.

close on: frodo

beads of sweat gather on his brow. the ringwraith suddenly
slides off his horse, leaning over the mossy log, peering
suspiciously into the woods.

close on: frodo

he is drawing the ring out of his pocket, with trembling
hands...his face fevered and sweating as if in the grip of
some terrible internal struggle. the sound of sniffing
intensifies as the ringwraith darts his head from side to
side like a bird of party.

close on: frodo squeezing his eyes shut...

quick psychic blasts!   and evil dark tower...a great eye...a

burst of flame.

angle on:   sam looking at frodo with concern

                      sam
            frodo?

merry desperately hurls the mushrooms across the road...the
ringwraith spins around at the sound, and darts to the far
side of the road with frightening speed. frodo instantly
slumps...as if a psychic link had been broken



                                                  (continued)

                                                             42.
