     int. jet - day

     -- and come out on another wedding ring, this one on a man's 
     finger. one of several he's drumming on an arm rest in the 
     plush first class cabin of a commercial airliner.  he shoves 
     some money into his wallet, and as he does so we catch a 
     fleeting glimpse of a photograph of claire. 

     the pilot's voice makes an announcement. 

                          voice (o.s.)
                ladies and gentlemen, we have leveled off 
                at our cruising altitude of thirty-eight 
                thousand feet-and we should be arriving 
                in prague right on schedule. 

     a flight attendant makes her way between the seats, passing 
     out menus. 

                          flight attendant 
                would you like to watch a movie mr rosen? 

     a passenger takes one.  the attendant continues on. 

                          flight attendant 
                          (cont'd) 
                would you like to watch a movie mr 
                phelps? 

     the man with the wedding ring looks up.  jim phelps is in his 
     mid-forties, good-looking, intense.  he's a tired man, and 
     not just now, it's a profound fatigue.  he looks up at the 
     attendant and smiles warmly. 

                          phelps 
                no, i prefer the theatre.  

     a look crosses the flight attendant's face; her tone becomes 
     stilted. 

                          flight attendant 
                would you consider the cinema of the
                ukraine? 

                          phelps 
                perhaps you'd choose one for me. 

     the attendant turns and walks away.  phelps sits back, shakes 
     a cigarette out of a pack, and taps it nervously on the 
     armrest. 

     at the front of the cabin.

     the flight attendant opens a case loaded with video 8 
     cassettes of feature films.  she opens a panel in the top of 
     the case and withdraws a tape hidden back there. 

     back at phelps' seat

     the attendant returns with the tape and hands it to phelps. 
     he takes it without a word and she moves on. 

     phelps reaches down and turns a lever on the support between 
     his seat and the empty one beside him. he flips up a small 
     movie screen and angles it toward himself, away from the 
     other passengers. he puts on a headset, opens a door in the 
     armrest, and puts the tape in. 

     he presses play.

     on the tape, 

     the image of a man comes on.  eugene kittridge is fortyish, 
     but seems permanently stuck in the nixon era -- horn rimmed 
     glasses, short short haircut, rather be caught dead than 
     tieless.  but if he catches your eye, he will never, ever 
     look away.  he's seated at a desk, looking into the camera. 

                          kittridge 
                     (on the tape) 
                good morning, mr. phelps.  the man you're 
                about to see is aleksander golitsyn -- 

     the screen winks and shows an image of golitsyn, a burly man 
     in his forties.  the image is herky-jerky videotape, 
     presumably taken from a concealed camera as golitsyn walks 
     down a foreign street. 

                          kittridge (o.s.) 
                -- a former kgb line x officer now 
                working the international black market 
                selling intelligence.  this morning, we 
                learned that golitsyn has stolen one half 
                of a cia noc list, the list of our non- 
                official cover agents working in eastern 
                europe. 

     the screen shows an image of what such a list might look 
     like, code names and other information scrolling by on a 
     computer screen at high speed. 

                          kittridge (o.s.) 
                for security reasons, the noc list is 
                divided into two encoded halves. 
                golitsyn already has the cryptonym 
                portion, which contains agent code names 
                and targeting areas.  this portion is 
                useless unless combined with the second 
                half -- the true name list that is kept 
                in the cia station in our embassy in prague. 

     the embassy itself comes on screen, a beautiful old building 
     at the base of the charles bridge, which spans the vltava 
     river. 

                          kittridge (o.s.) 
                we believe golitsyn plans to steal the 
                true name list at an embassy function 
                tomorrow night.  your mission, should you 
                decide to accept it, is to obtain 
                photographic proof of the theft, apprehend 
                those involved, and return the stolen 
                list.  i don't have to stress the 
                importance of this matter, jim.  we're 
                keeping it internally black. because of  
                its urgency, i've already sent to prague 
                a team selected from your usual group. 

     still photographs come on screen, some of which we're already 
     seen -- jack kiefer, claire and ethan. 

                          kittridge (o.s.) 
                ethan hunt will of course be your point 
                man, as usual.  he's in kiev; we're 
                getting word to him now. 

