     ext. ross park ammunition depot - night


83                                                             83    

     the unmanned searchlight scans the yard, casting intermittent   
     shadows.                                                        

                        scar

              this place is important. the men                       
              here wouldn't just walk out.                           

                        foxy                                         

              maybe they had no choice.                              
     foxy and scar move toward a large storage building where a      
     door swings in the night breeze, slapping alarmingly against    
     the wall. beyond the opening is a black maw, like a velvet      
     curtain, past which nothing can be seen.                        

                        foxy (cont'd)                                

              there could be stenches in there.
              (readying his m-16) got a flashlight?                  




                                                                      














                                                                      














                                                           59.










     scar nervously pulls out a flashlight. as he clicks on the       
     beam, he loses his grip. the flashlight drops to the ground.     
     scar reaches for it. his fingers tip it and it spins. the        
     beam washes across his shoes. then foxy's shoes. then finds...   
     ...one other shoe. someone else's. gasping, scar grabs the       
     flashlight, shining the beam up onto what should be a leg,       
     but there's nothing left above its bloody shin.                  
     plip! plop! plip! beads of blood hit the floor, dropping
     from the dark figure of a soldier who is approaching. scar       
     aims the flashlight at the figure's face, recognizing...         

                        scar                                          

              brubaker! you okay? where's the                         
              other guys? what happened here?                         

                                                                      

     brubaker keeps coming. he has bullet holes in his chest, but
     they're not what's dripping blood. it's another half-eaten       
     foot that he's carrying. brubaker is dead. foxy shoots him.      
     foxy and scar move into a hangar-like space. pitch black.        
     except for the mote-filled beam from scar's flashlight, which    

                                                                      

     illuminates a supply of enormous cannon shells, lined up on
     storage shelves. the "johnsons".                                 
     six dead soldiers are hunkered in the shadows, eating the
     remains of other dead soldiers.                                  




                                                                      

     foxy grimly raises his weapon. as he squeezes the trigger,
     the sound of the gunfire overlaps into...                        




84                                                               84


