     int. center ring - "the arena" - day




     riley and charlie drift into a large room that's packed with
     bettors hooting and hollering like football fans. they're all
     jammed onto tiered wooden viewing stands arranged around an
     iron-mesh structure that looks like a lion-tamer's cage.



     gates open. the painted walkers are thrust inside the cage.
     their nooses are released. the gates are locked behind them.

     d

      ead red, alarmed by the color of dead black's face, reaches
     out and gently touches the paint. its fingers come away with
     blackened tips.



      lack follows suit, staining its fingers red. black licks its   
     hand, spitting when it identifies not blood, but something      
     distasteful.                                                    
     bookies drift among the spectators, taking bets with fists      
     full of cash.                                                   

                        charlie

              what are they betting on, riley?                       




                                                               











s














                                                               








                                                               











.














                                                      27.











                   riley                                       

         red or black. who's gonna win the                     
         fight.                                                

                   charlie                                     

         what fight? stenches don't fight.                     

                   tout (o.s.)                                 

         they do when there's food.                            
the tout sidles over.                                          

                   riley                                       

         what's on the menu today? cat or                      
         dog?                                                  

                   tout                                        


                                                               

         i told you. today it's something
         new.                                                  
clang! another gate opens in the cage. a hush falls as
everyone awaits what will come. including the dead men, who
gaze with anticipation at the opening. what comes is...



 ..a woman! alive, badly bruised, her dress in tatters.
despite tarnish, she still looks sexy. last night she was a

                                                               

hooker known as slack. now she's meat in a lion cage.




                   riley


                                                               

         jesus fucking christ.



the gate slams shut. the dead things walk toward the woman.



riley rushes off. charlie follows.

s                                                              

 lack backs up, hits the wall of the cage and, terrified,
starts to circle its iron perimeter. the dead men flank her.   
black is the first to touch her. the crowd howls.



 lack's terror turns to determination. she punches black
three times in the face. the thing recoils as she glides out
of its grasp.



riley and charlie reach the bruisers who took their weapons.




                   riley                                       

         give us our guns.                                     

                   bruiser                                     

         (handing over the weapons) you                        
         leavin'?                                              
riley cocks his m-16.                                          




t














                                                                














                                                         28.











                   riley                                        

         in a little while.                                     
in the ring, black reaches for slack again. with one            
lightning-fast move, she kicks it in the chest, sending it
flying into red's arms. red shoves black aside.



black makes another try for the woman. red grabs its rival.
this time black hangs on to red's shirt. the two twirl around
in a staggering lampoon of a wrestling match.                   
slack rushes to the side of the cage and starts to climb.
she's agile. strong. but she almost falls as the cage shakes
with the force of...                                            
...red slamming black against the mesh.                         
on their way back through the arena, riley and charley push
through the crowd, trying to reach the center ring. a goon      
steps in front of them.                                         

                   goon                                         

         no guns in here!                                       
riley gives him a rifle butt in the face and moves on.

s                                                               





                                                                

 lack continues to climb the cage, almost out of reach, but
black grabs one of her ankles, pulling her down and slamming
her to the ground.



black hunkers, drooling, over slack. as it is about to bite,    
rat-a-tat! a short burst from riley's m-16 shatters black's     

                                                                

collarbone. cheekbone. skull. the thing drops.



red lunges for slack. riley kills it with another short burst. 



 he crowd panics, stampeding toward the exit. suddenly more
bullets fly, this time from a glock, fired by...



...chihuahua, who, in a rage, is pushing through the legs of
the fleeing crowd. he makes it to a clear spot and draws a
steady bead on a target...charlie. chihuahua pulls his
trigger. riley beats him by an instant, firing the m-16.



just as chihuahua's gun goes off...a line of bullet holes
perforates the little man's belly. the round from his glock
misses charlie completely.



riley runs to the cage, where slack stands, trembling, just
on the other side of the bars.

                   r


                     iley

         you okay?




         f














c














                                                      29.










she nods gratefully.



 hihuahua is still on his feet. and now he is really pissed.
not because of the holes in his gut, but because...




                   chihuahua

         my suit! you fucked up my new suit!



riley turns to chihuahua, but doesn't have time to lift the
m-16 before...blam! the little man fires at him. slack
delivers a powerful kick into the flexible fencing, sending    
riley sprawling to the ground and saving him from...



...chihuahua's round, which misses riley...but hits slack!
spun around by the impact, she falls face down.



chihuahua continues to fire. riley marine-crawls as bullets
punch around him, sparking off the cage. chihuahua keeps
coming, keeps firing, until...



...a single shot from charlie's .45 shatters his skull. he
drops like a broken pinata.




                                                               

riley looks up, seeing two other men with guns. chihuahua's
goons. for a moment it seems as if a major shooting match is
going to break out. but before it does...




                    policeman (o.s.)                           

         hold it!

.                                                              

 ..four policemen burst in. the goons lower their weapons.     
riley runs back to the cage, blasts the lock on the nearest
gate, and rushes inside. slack's body is lying on the floor.
he suspects she's dead. when her body moves, he suspects
worse. he plants the barrel of his m-16 against her temple.




                   slack

         i'm alright, i'm alright!



slack uses her left arm to push herself up to a sitting
position. her right arm is bleeding, up near the shoulder.




                   slack (cont'd)

          ucker got my right arm. i'm a lefty.



they look into each other's eyes.                              

                   riley                                       

         seen you around.                                      

                   slack                                       

         seen you around.                                      




              y














              i








                                                                      














                                                                      














                                                           30.










     a policeman steps over.                                          

                        policeman

              the hell happened here?




                        riley

              somebody shot the little fat man.




                        policeman

              yeah, i see that. you're under
              arrest.




