     ext. main street - uniontown - night


25                                                            25

     the white moving van, the t-bird, and the jeep roll out of
     town in a convoy. trailing them, three sadistic guerillas on    
     motorcycles roar past, firing...                                
     ...a hail of bullets at a dead family on the sidewalk. the      
     mother falls. not shot. it has been grabbed and shoved down
     to the ground by...                                             
     ...big daddy! who grabs the little girl next, thrusting her
     roughly behind the protection of a wrecked car. the father is
     last. big daddy grabs it from behind, by its hair, just as...   
     ...rounds from an uzi drill a dotted-line across the father's   
     neck. big daddy is unhurt, but spattered with blood. not red,
     greenish-black. the blood of the dead.

     t

      here's a ripping sound as the father's neck is pulled apart
     by the weight of its limp body. the body drops to the street.

                                                                     

     the head remains suspended in big daddy's hand. his face
     contorts. his mouth opens and closes, trying to utter sounds.   
      ig daddy drops the head, looking down at its befuddled eyes
     with sympathy. after a moment, the sympathy is joined by
     rage. big daddy lifts his right foot and brings it stomping     
     down on the disembodied head, crushing its skull.



     the convoy roars off, leaving a cloud of exhaust. big daddy     

                                                                     

     sees harry's downed motorcycle lying in the street. the butt
     of an automatic rifle protrudes from a saddlebag.               




                                                                     

     big daddy goes over. pulls out the rifle. tests the weight of
     it in his hand. curls his finger in through the guard and       
     pulls the trigger.                                              
     blam! a bullet ricochets off a brick wall. big daddy is
     startled at first. then, he relaxes, realizing the rifle's      
     power. with surprising dexterity, he slings the weapon's        
     strap over his head and across his chest, patting the strap     
     as if comforted by it. turning, he looks toward...              
     ...the distant glow of a skyscraper that can be seen on the     
     horizon. that's the direction the convoy is headed. that's      
     where the bad men came from. that's where he wants to go.       

     reverse angle:                                                  

     with the city in the distance, big daddy starts walking.
     number nine falls into step beside him. soon there are more.    
     none of them knows where they are going. or why. all that       
     seems to matter is that they have a leader.                     




                                                                      














                                                                      














                                                                      








                                                                      














                                                           15.











