     int. subway tunnel - dawn


27                                                               27   

     a mile-long subway tunnel extends into blackness. a wide         
     platform runs the length of the tracks, at the head of which     
     a derelict train is parked.                                      
     a cargo carrier pulls out, driving along the platform, its       
     flatbed piled with supplies, while another carrier is being      
     loaded with boxes of food, pharmaceuticals, ammunition, and...   

     two body bags.                                                   


                        charlie

              shit happens, riley.                                    

                        riley                                         

              (blaming himself) only if you let it.                   




                                                                     





     t














                                                                     














                                                                     








                                                                     














                                                                     














                                                            16.










     the cargo carrier that was first to pull out drives into the    
     tunnel. ceiling lights spaced far apart stutter on and off.     
     two guerillas, anchor and mouse, who looks like a mouse, ride   
     on the open flatbed with the cargo.                             
     the tunnel is filled with looming steel shapes that cast
     menacing shadows. mouse shifts nervously. suddenly...           
     ...plink! something wet falls on his face! he jumps.            
     recovers. wipes his cheek with his sleeve.                      

                         mouse                                       


                                                                     

              i hate going under the fuckin' river.



     he takes out a joint. lights up. the match flares. splat!       
     mouse and the match are soaked by water dripping from above.    

28                                                              28


