     int. uniontown state store - night


 4                                                               24   

     cholo unstraps his crossbow and leads the way cautiously         
     into the dark space. every subtle sound in the silence puts      
     mike more on edge. his hand tenses on his gun as shadows loom    
     in front of him. shadows that could be zombies, but are not.     
     behind the dusty glass doors of a once-refrigerated wall-        
     unit, cholo sees a case of dom perignon. he goes to the          

                                                                      

     refrigerator. re-strapping his crossbow, he opens the door.
     reaches in for the case of champagne. his two hands grab it.     




                                                                      


     a third hand grabs it!




     cholo looks up. the refrigerator has no back wall. a dead

                                                                      

     thing with a manson-like swastika tattooed in the center of
     its forehead has stepped in from the shadows of a loading        
     area beyond. it grabs cholo with a terrifying growl.             
     cholo falls under the weight of the champagne, and the
     weight of the dead thing, which drops on top of him. they        

                                                                      

     roll, struggling. the thing holds cholo in a death grip.



     at the front of the store, mike fumbles with his rifle.          
     foxy shoots at the dead thing and misses.



     cholo punches the thing with his free hand. the dead thing's
     head recoils, but lowers again toward cholo, the swastika        
     looming, drooling teeth baring for a bite. cholo's eyes          
     flash. it's the first time we've seen him scared.                
     blam! charlie fires one round, right into the center of the      
     swastika on the zombie's forehead. the thing crumples.           

                        mike

              nice shootin'.                                          

                        charlie                                       

              good shootin'. ain't no such thing                      
              as nice shootin'.                                       




r













         o













                      r














m














                                                                








                                                                














                                                                














                                                      13.










a foot kicks the zombie off cholo, who looks up to see...       
...riley extending a hand to help him to his feet.              

                      riley

         close one.                                             

                   cholo                                        

         i'm still here, ain't i?                               
everyone relaxes. cholo picks up the case of dom. the others    
head toward the front of the store.                             
tilt down to the floor as their feet move past. in the gloom
behind stacks of cartons...                                     
...a dead hand appears. reaching.




                   cholo                                        

         shit! look out, kid!                                   
the hand grabs mike around the ankle! mike turns, raising his   
gun. too late.                                                  
a dead uniformed policeman, the skin on half its face stripped 
down to bone, rips a hole in his leg with its teeth!           
 ike screams, staggers into a wall, and drops to a seated       
position on the floor. riley and charlie spin around at the     

                                                                

sound of his cry. cholo, closest to mike, pulls his crossbow
and fires an arrow through the zombie's head.

                   c                                            


                    holo

         fuckin' rookies.



cholo tucks away the crossbow, grabs a box of cohibas off a     
counter, and runs outside with foxy. riley goes to mike.        

                    iley

         (kneeling) it's alright, son.
         you're gonna be alright.




                   mike

         no. i'm dead. you get bit by one
          f those things and you become what
         they are.



riley wraps a strong arm around mike and lifts him. mike
quickly plants the barrel of his .45 under his chin and...      

blows his own brains out!




 iley, stunned, lets the corpse slide to the floor. he looks
into the rookie's open eyes, devastated.




                                                                     














     b














                                                                     














                                                           14.











