      int. fiddler's green atrium - night


 34                                                             134

      kaufman and knipp, carrying the prada duffles, rush out of an
      elevator with four security guards. kaufman carries a gun.

      t                                                               

       hey race into the street level of the three-story atrium.
      chopin lilts, caged birds sing. residents scream, running
      crazily in all directions.



      a bank of glass doors leading to the street is under assault
      by walkers, ten deep.




         t


         i














c











         i














         g














                                                      78.











                   kaufman

         they can't get in. downstairs.                         
         the car.                                               
the dead things pound at the doors. one guard runs away. the
other three follow.




                   kaufman (cont'd)

          et back here! get back here!



kaufman fires three rounds at the men! he's not a marksman,
but one of the guards is winged. whirls around and levels his   
m-16 at kaufman.




                   security guard


         you stupid old fuck!




he's about to fire when knipp steps in front of kaufman.




                   knipp

         don't shoot! (grabbing kaufman's
         gun hand) boss? don't you shoot,
         neither. we're all on the same

                   s

         side. least we're supposed to be.




                    ecurity guard

         i'm on my own side now.



the guard takes off after his comrades.




                   cholo (o.s.)

         need some help, mister k.?



kaufman spins around to see cholo walking toward him across     
the atrium.




                   cholo (cont'd)

           been bit, mister k. i'm a dead
         man, so i don't care about nothin'
         no more. still care about you,
         though. i wanna make sure you come
         to the same end as me.



 lang! clang! clang! the dead things at the glass doors are
pounding now with shovels, pickaxes, and lengths of pipe.




                   cholo (cont'd)

          hey're going to get you, mister k.
           want them to get you.



kaufman raises his gun and aims at cholo, who aims back with    
his crossbow.                                                   




k














                   k














k











         p














                                                      79.











                   cholo (cont'd)

          ut it down, old man, unless you'd
         rather die right now.



big daddy appears outside the doors. uses his pneumatic
hammer to pound at the safety glass.



 aufman can't take it anymore. he bolts for a stairway door.
cholo shoots. an arrows hits kaufman in the back of his left    
calf. kaufman sprawls, dropping both his bag of money and his   
gun, which skitters kaway. knipp rushes over to help kaufman.   

                    nipp

         just let us go, mister demora. let
         us get out of here.




                   cholo


                                                                

         (calmly reloading) you can go,
         knipp, but not him.




                                                                

kaufman shakes knipp off. his gun is ten feet away. he heads
for it. dragging himself on hands and knees.



crunch! the chisel on big daddy's pneumatic hammer is the
first tool to penetrate the doors. the glass doesn't shatter;
it cobwebs into tiny crystals stuck together by a thin
plasticine coating. alarm bells sound!



puzzled by the sudden transformation of the glass into
something that looks different, big daddy drops the pneumatic
hammer and reaches out. the glass is different. it's soft.
flexible. big daddy pokes his hand right through.



kaufman has almost reached his gun. cholo shoots another        
arrow. this one hits kaufman in the shoulder.                   

                    aufman

         you fucking spic bastard!




                   cholo

         i think we should talk when you're
         a little less excited.



kaufman has a will of iron. he keeps going, gritting his
teeth against the pain, reaching out for his gun, as...



crunch! crunch! crunch! more tools penetrate the doors. more
hands poke through.



 aufman looks at his worst nightmare...dead things ripping
their way through the cobwebbed doors, invading his temple.




      r














                                                                       








                                                                       














      m














                                                            80.










      the commotion distracts cholo just long enough for kaufman to    
      lift his gun and fire nine rounds.                               
       ost of the shots miss. two hit cholo, one in the belly, one
      in the heart. he is slammed against the wall, his glazing
      eyes staring up into the atrium, the place he so desired.
      it's the last thing he sees before he keels over, dead.          
      knipp pulls kaufman onto his feet. they look up to see...



      big daddy leading his army into the atrium. kaufman aims and
      fires. a bullet hits big daddy in the upper chest, blowing       
      dead flesh out of his back. the dead man feels no pain, but      
      it focuses on kaufman and starts after him with purpose.



      kaufman sees something in big daddy's eyes. something that's
      not dead. kaufman fires again. click! he's out of ammo.

                         k


                          nipp

               boss. we gotta get outa here!



      knipp pulls kaufman to a stairway door. they rush inside. the
      moment they're out of sight, the walkers forget about them,
      moving on into the atrium. all except big daddy. that rage is
      still in its face as he lumbers toward the stairway door.        




135                                                           135


