    ext. uniontown - night


1                                                                1





                                                                     

    in color: a full moon shines over a picture-perfect american
    town. people, seen in silhouette, stroll past quaint shops
    whose signs promise reliable appliances, well-made clothes,      
    solid values. a diner has a neon sign that offers the "best
    eats in town". but something is wrong. the neon isn't lit.
    nothing in town is lit. street lamps, windows, are all dark.     
    tchick! ka-tchick-tchick. that disturbing sound continues.



    some of the pedestrians drift into "uniontown park", milling
    around a gazebo, where three "musicians" are struggling with     
    a trombone, a saxophone, and a tambourine. they can't seem to
    make the instruments work, except for the tambourine player,
    who is rattling out a few very unrhythmic beats. that's where    
    that sound is coming from. tchick! ka-tchick-tchicky-tchick.     
    a closer inspection reveals: the "musicians" are dead. so are    
    the "pedestrians". flesh is rotting off their bones. the town
    itself, which at first looked so perfect, is rotting too.        

                       mike (o.s.)

             they're trying to be us.                                

                       riley (o.s.)                                  

             they used to be us.                                     




                                                                     














                                                                     














    a








                                                                     





             n















                                                                     














                                                           3.











