      ext. "golden triangle" - night




      slack runs past hysterical people toward the fiddler's green     

                                                                       

      high-rise. brian, mulligan's young son, rushes by her in a
      panic. slack grabs him.                                          




                                                                       


                           slack

               brian!                                                  




                                                                       


                         brian

               we can't get out! there's no way out!




                         slack

               there will be. come with me.




                         brian

               daddy! daddy's still locked up.                         
      slack runs off with brian, past a manhole surrounded by          
      canvas fences, "caution" signs, and flaming oil pots. as
      maintenance workers scramble out of the manhole...               
      ...dead things close in. the workers, unarmed, pick up the
      ball-shaped pots and bowl them at the walkers. as the "balls"
      roll, their fires swirl, making them look like flaming comets.

      s

       ome of the   pots crack open, creating pools of fire on the
      street. one   of the "balls" remains whole until it smacks
      against the   feet of a walker. then it opens. and the walker
      is engulfed   in flames.



      big daddy looks at the walker with sadness. he lifts his
      rifle again and shoots the flaming creature in the head.         




      b














                                                                      








                                                                      














                                                            77.










      big daddy walks to the manhole. tools are strewn around it,     
      pickaxes, sledges, chainsaws, and a pneumatic hammer which is
      lying on the street...rattatattat...still running.



      big daddy looks at the fiddler's green skyscraper. his goal.    
      finally in reach.                                               
      he looks down at the pneumatic hammer, and picks it up by the
      handle. with the heavy tool vibrating in its hand, big daddy
      walks toward the building.



      he doesn't get very far before the hammer's electrical cord
      is pulled out of the extension it's plugged into. the hammer
      stops running. big daddy looks at it. puzzles over its
      stillness for a moment. then...



      ...he looks at the building. at its doors, abandoned by         
      guards. doors that are made of glass.



      the barrel of an m-16 is planted against big daddy's temple     
      by a militiaman.



       udda-budda-budda! the militiaman flies back. it wasn't he

                                                                      

      who fired. it was number nine, standing nearby with her m-16.
      the militiaman lies on the ground, his dead eyes staring at
      number nine in utter surprise.



      seeing what has happened, another soldier grabs a grenade,      
      pulls the pin, and is about to toss it at big daddy when...



      ...his hand is cut off at the wrist by a meat clever held by
      the butcher. the soldier's hand, still clutching the grenade,   

                                                                      

      plops into the street. the soldier looks down in horror, then
      collapses on top of his hand. a muffled explosion makes jelly
      of his mid-section.



      big daddy continues to walk toward the building, carrying the
      pneumatic hammer, as other dead things collect sledges,
      pickaxes, lengths of pipe, and follow their leader.

1                                                                     


