      ext. the "throat" - night


145                                                              145

      ptooom! ptooom! fireworks "bloom" in the sky.



       he dead things gaze upward, mesmerized.                         

      the humans escape.                                               





                                                                       

      riley finds himself standing in the midst of fifty walkers,
      frozen like statues around him.                                  
      other than the intermittent boom of the fireworks, silence.
      out of which...                                                  

                         slack (o.s.)                                  

               (a whisper) riley.                                      
      riley turns.                                                     
      slack emerges from behind one of the immobile dead things.



      riley moves toward her...



      ...she to him...                                                 
      ...both of them weaving a cautious path between the statues.     
      they reach each other and embrace, surrounded by dead things     
      that don't even know they are there.                             
      ratatatatatat. gunfire explodes around them!




                                                                         














                                                                         














                                                                         














                                                                         














                                                            86.










      hapless dead things are mowed down the way they were back          
      in uniontown. this time by...                                      
      ...mulligan and his revolutionaries...who slaughter every          
      zombie in the area. brian is shooting, too, raring to go.          
      when it's all over...




                         mulligan                                        

               we could still use you, riley.                            
      riley looks out at the city, where there is still scattered        
      distant gunfire. he looks at brian, standing at mulligan's         
      side, his innocent face speckled with the blood of the dead.       
      riley shakes his head.




                                                                         


                         riley

               it's all yours, mulligan.                                 

146                                                                146


                                                                         


