int. andy's bedroom - later

a) andy plays with woody: jumping up and down on the bed,
running around the room.

b) andy sets woody down on the floor.  next he "lands" buzz
lightyear on the floor opposite woody.  andy shoots buzz's
laser at woody and then smacks woody across the room as if
he'd been blown away by the laser.

c) andy runs into his closet wearing his cowboy hat and
cowboy pajamas.

                                            match cut to:

andy runs out of the closet clad in buzz lightyear pajamas
and a homemade spaceman's helmet.

                         andy
            buzz lightyear to the rescue.

d) woody observes all the cowboy-themed items in the bedroom
transform to space motif: the posters, the drawings on the
wall, the pillow, the bedspread.

e) buzz watches rex execute a wimpy roar.  the space ranger
suggests a few tips for the dinosaur.  rex tries again, this
time giving a "jurassic park" roar.

the roar blasts potato head's features right off his face.

f) woody passes etch-a-sketch, who's sporting a portrait of
buzz.

woody looks across the room to see buzz combing troll doll's
hair, chatting away like a hair dresser.

woody angrily shakes etch, removing buzz's image.

g) rocky, snake, troll doll and rex are lifting tinkertoys
as weights.  buzz works out on top of an upside down robot,
using his feet as a treadmill.

potato head attempts to lift his tinkertoy barbell but ends
up tumbling backwards, leaving his arms connected to the
barbell.

h) woody looks under the bed for slinky, finding only the
checkerboard.

woody peeks around the corner of the bed to see slinky and
robot, under buzz's direction, setting buzz's "ship" up on
top of abc blocks for repair.

in frustration, woody kicks the checkerboard, sending the
pieces flying.  one of the checkers ricochets off the
dresser and boomerangs into woody's mouth.

i) on andy's bed, buzz pets slinky whose back end is
stretched over to the other side where woody sits.  slinky's
wagging tail whacks woody in the face repeatedly.

woody shoves slinky's rear end off the bed, leaving his
front end no choice but to eventually follow.

j) at bedtime, andy loads his toys into the toybox until
just woody and buzz are left.  he deliberates as to which
toy to keep and which to toss into the toybox.

