int. coma bar - night

where bull the bartender and a number of patrons are watching george's
nightmare on the tv mounted over the bar.

onscreen, nude george is sweating bullets. he has no idea what to say,
and the audience is beginning to laugh at him. in a desperate, feeble
attempt to buy time...he begins to sing.

                           george
            i'm gonna wash that man right outta my hair!

in fact he goes into a little softshoe, keeping the briefcase poised
over his crotch. unfortunately, the case pops open, dumping frilly
lingerie all over the stage. the weeping george must crawl around on all
fours to retrieve it...

by now the onlookers at the bar are cracking up. all except one - the
lonely, disconsolate fellow on the last stool, nursing a martini - stu.

                           bull
            hey, stu, why so glum? everybody loves a good
            humiliation nightmare.

                           stu
            three months, bull. three months tonight. three
            months since the accident - and i'm no closer to
            going home than i was then.

                           bull
            aw, buck up. have another 'tini.

                           stu
            i'm sick of martinis. i'm sick of the waiting,
            and the carnival rides, and watching people's
            nightmares. and of course, i need not add -

he grimaces at monkeybone, who's stretched out atop the mighty wurlitzer
at the other end of the room. the mermaid chanteuse is singing a
dietrich number, "the laziest gal in town" - or at least trying to,
because monkeybone is caterwauling behind her. by the time she gets to
the grand finale, he's practically baying at the moon.

pissed off, she shakes her fist at monkeybone and pulls the lid of her
clamshell shut. this suits monkeybone just fine, as it leaves him alone
in the spotlight to soak up what little applause there is.

                           monkeybone
            thank you, thank you for that very modest

            response. i know you're all in comas, but still.
            and now...it's dedication time!

he gestures to jumbo, the elephant organist, who begins to vamp.

                           monkeybone
            we've got a special dedication tonight. this
            one's from my ever-lovin' boss, mr. stu mopey -
            i mean miley - and we're sendin' it up to
            a very special lady in the land of the living.
            yes, i do mean julie - the beautiful miss julie
            - who, if she has a brain in her head, is
            shacked up right now with some good-lookin' doc
            she met in the e.r.!
                 (pointing at stu)
            just kidding, buddy! because if we know anything
            about miss julie, we know she is faithful,
            loyal, and true. even if her boyfriend is an
            eggplant. which is why we're dedicating...this
            very special tune...to her. jumbo?

jumbo's tasteful vamping gives way to a raunchy rock beat - and
monkeybone begins strutting across the top of the piano, bumping and
grinding and shaking his booty to the tune of -

                           monkeybone
            mah baby does the hanky-panky! unhh!
            mah baby does the hanky-panky! unhh!

monkeybone sings the same poignant line over and over until stu comes
storming over from the bar and yanks him off the wurlitzer by the scruff
of his scrawny neck.

a trouper to the end, monkeybone waves at the crowd even as stu drags
him off to an empty table in the farthest corner of the room.

                           stu
            you have humiliated me in public for the last

            time.

                           monkeybone
            i doubt that. besides, i can't help myself. i'm
            just a figment of your imagination.

                           stu
            then you can learn to act normally. i had to!

                           monkeybone
            aw, come on. you know you love me. you're a
            masochistic pain freak. you gotta love me.

                           stu
            i am not. and i don't gotta.

monkeybone waves and winks at every female who passes by. stu whacks him
upside the head.

                           monkeybone
            you are too! mooning over julie when we could
            both be gettin' some o' this fine local action.
            it's not like she's gonna know. out of town,
            under five minutes, and in a coma don't count.

                           stu
            sorry. the women here aren't my type. most of
            them aren't even my species.

cocktail waitress kitty, a seven-foot cat-faced feline sex bomb, arrives
in her skimpy black dress and shows stu a cheshire-cat grin. monkeybone
reclines, odalisque-style, on the table.

                           monkeybone
            hellooooooooo, kitty.

                           kitty
            hiya, stu. refill on that martini?

                           monkeybone
            i'd like something with an umbrella in it and a
            really smutty name. like a...sex behind the sofa
            with your parents in the same room watching "the
            brady bunch."

                           stu
            nothing for him! he's being repressed.

                           kitty
            is something wrong, stu? you seem so tense.

                           monkeybone
            aaah, it's the same as always...poor mope's just
            wishin' he was me.

                           stu
            i've been trying to get through to the head guy
            - the nightmare god - what's his name?

                           kitty
            hypnos?

                           stu
            yeah. to see if he could expedite my case. but i
            wait, and i wait, and...i'm starting to think
            i'll never see her again.

a softie at heart, kitty sits across from stu and takes his hand.

                           stu
            i shoulda proposed, kitty. that way at least
            she'd know how i feel. that way she'd...wait for
            me.

she leans forward sympathetically. from this particular vantage,
monkeybone has an unobstructed view of kitty's cleavage. and so does stu
- although he's not quite as obvious about staring.

                           kitty
            she is waiting for you, stu. i know she is. guys
            like you don't come along that often. believe
            me, i know.

monkeybone slinks over behind stu - up onto his shoulder - and whispers
into his ear:

                           monkeybone
            my fellow americans. i have a dream. let us
            boldly go where no man has gone before.

                           stu
                 (trying to ignore him)

            i'm sorry, kitty - what were you saying?

                           kitty
            i mean it, stu. you're one in a million.

kitty is holding the cleavage pose for an unnaturally long time. her
furry tail begins to swing back and forth playfully in the air. it's
hypnotic - like a windshield wiper.

stu stares at it. monkeybone stares at it. and monkeybone's tail
responds by straightening...stiffening...bending upward slightly.

                           stu
            i'm not so special. i'm just - kind of -

stu is suddenly aware of something long, red, and wet unrolling onto his
shoulder. it's a tongue...dangling out of monkeybone's open mouth. stu
lets out a yowl of shock.

blushing bright red, he grabs the tongue and shoves it manually back
into the monkey mouth whence it came.

                           monkeybone
            come on, pal! it was a compliment! you'da done
            the same if you had the equipment!

                           stu
            that does it! back in the pack!

                           monkeybone
            forget it! no way! i'm not getting -

stu lunges at monkeybone - who jumps over him, bounds off the edge of
the table, and grabs hold of a chandelier.

                           monkeybone
            i'm reportin' this to my union!!

                           stu
            what union?

                           monkeybone
            the sidekicks' union! me, tonto, and robin the
            boy wonder. you top bananas better watch your
            ass!

stu grabs a chair and swings it at the chandelier. monkeybone makes a
series of submarine noises -

                           monkeybone
            dive! dive!!

- and dives - directly between kitty's breasts into her skimpy black
dress!! stu circles around kitty, following the undulating monkey-sized
blob that's tunnelling around under her dress. finally monkeybone pops
out of the back of the dress and nuzzles kitty's ear:

                           monkeybone
            i left my phone number in your undies. try not
            to lose it in traffic.

                           stu
            sorry, kitty! i'll be right back after i choke
            my monkey.

monkeybone runs under the pool table. stu is giving chase when -
suddenly - a door blows open in the chill night wind.

everyone in the bar freezes in place.

for there, in the doorway, is a looming, ominous figure - the most
dreaded figure in all of dark town -

- a grim reaper, nine feet tall and swinging a scythe, come to take some
hapless coma victim to the land of death!

eerie winds whistle and the shroud flutters in the night breeze as the
reaper looks from face to face. for a moment he focuses on stu. stu
backs away involuntarily, with a mounting sense of dread...and
monkeybone jumps into his arms, clinging to him fearfully.

but the reaper moves on - past each coma victim in turn - finally
stopping in front of a tiny, wizened, prunelike old gent in a
wheelchair, who looks to be 110 years old at least.

                           monkeybone
            him. whew. about time!

                           reaper
            earl biegler. i've come -

                           earl
            can't hear you, young fellow. speak up!

                           reaper
            earl biegler, i've come to give you - aw, hell.
            here.

gasps of anticipation all around the room as the reaper hands earl a
long white envelope. earl opens it slowly and removes...

...an oversized rectangular ticket...the size of a hershey bar, made of
solid gold, with the letter "e" stamped upon it.

various characters around the barroom react, in hushed voices:

                           bull
            an e-ticket!

                           patron
            he got a reprieve.

                           kitty
            good for him! he's gonna wake up!

earl throws his crutches aside, jumps out of his chair, and dances a
jig, waving the ticket over his head. stu stares at him with naked envy.

                           stu
            no. no. not him.

                           earl
            so long, suckers! see you in the funny papers!

earl does an end-zone dance toward the door. one by one, other patrons
get up from their seats to watch earl's departure.


