ext. coma bar - streets - night

the coma victims shuffle toward a big ride across the midway.

it's a "test your strength" machine - the kind where you slam down a
mallet and try to ring the bell. it's surrounded by crocodile moats and
storm fences and electrified barbed wire, and a big sign reading private
- no admittance.

earl, still jubilant, inserts his e-ticket into a receptacle at the
entrance. a drawbridge lowers, and carousel music cranks up, and
carnival lights blink on, and fireworks rocket into the sky...

all around them, faces turn skyward. clouds are parting. an eddy of
swirling colors is forming directly above the e-ticket ride - and a
pinpoint hole opens up at its center.

the "test your strength" machine has been outfitted with a seat where
the bell-ringer should be. once earl has settled in, a giant mechanical
man lifts its enormous mallet...

...and slams it down on the lever end of the machine, sending earl
rocketing upward toward the hole in the sky. ding!! the seat hits the
bell, but earl keeps going - up - up - up...

then, with a distinct pop, he's gone. over the rainbow...home.

                           stu
            he's ninety. he's practically dead already. how
            come he goes back and i stay here?

                           monkeybone
            maybe he wanted to pick out his own casket?

                           stu
                 (turning abruptly)
            hey!! hey, you!!

stu marches across the street to the grim reaper - who's climbing onto
his winged bicycle and seems shocked that anyone would want to chat with
him. monkeybone scurries alongside, terrified.

                           stu
            he got an e-ticket. where's mine? when do i get

            to wake up??

                           monkeybone
            stu? stu? let's not disturb the nice reaper.

                           stu
            i've been stuck down here for months. somebody
            had better start paying attention, or i'm gonna
            - i'm gonna kick ass!

                           monkeybone
            let's not kick the nice reaper's ass.

monkeybone practically swoons. but the reaper just stares at stu:

                           reaper
            sorry, bud. off-duty.

the reaper climbs onto his winged bike and pedals off down the midway.
stu lets out a howl of frustration.

                           monkeybone
            stu? stu? let's calm down, talk things over. how
            about some comedy relief? okay. brontosaurus
            walks into a gay bar...

stu boots monkeybone aside. they're at a game stall manned by elsie the
cow - the one where you throw baseballs at milk bottles. stu picks up a
baseball and hurls it at the departing reaper.

the ball hits the reaper smack on the head, knocking him off his bike!

                           stu/monkeybone
                 (in unison - impressed)
            damn.

monkeybone cowers in fear as the reaper gets up, shaking a fist at them.
but stu isn't intimidated. he grabs another ball and winds up.

                           monkeybone
            stu? stu? i think weve got this backwards. your
            behavior...is disturbing me.

the reaper, scared shitless, jumps back on his bike and pedals off as
the ball whizzes past. stu starts chasing after him!

the reaper turns down a side street and pedals up an incline - one of
the "fingers" of the hand that holds dark town. when the bike hits the
end of the finger, it takes off into the void and keeps on going.

                           stu
            that's right. run! and don't come back unless
            you've got my e-ticket!!

the reaper vanishes. stu sits dejectedly on the edge of the curb.

                           stu
            who am i kidding? i'm never gonna get out of
            here. i'll never see her again.

just then, a multi-armed messenger boy in royal livery toodles past on a
child's scooter. he stops...

                           messenger boy
            miley? stu miley?

stu looks up. six arms reach into six pockets. finally the messenger
finds an envelope and hands it over. inside is an engraved invitation:

                          you are invited to a
                              pajama party
                          at hypnos' hideaway
                     penthouse suite - 10 pm sharp
                       "if you snooze, you lose"

stu's eyes widen with excitement as the messenger scoots off.

                           stu
            hypnos! the god of nightmares! do you know what
            this means, monkeybone? he's finally going to
            hear my case. i'm going home!

                                                dissolve to:

