int. hyp's hideaway - a moment later

hyp gives the boys a wink and a thumbs-up, then wanders off to shmooze
his other guests. monkeybone shakes stu's hand.

                           monkeybone
            fate worse than death! well, it's been real,
            boss, but i gotta go buff up my resumé. anybody
            here need a figment?

                           stu
            fine! don't put yourself out. i'll go to the
            land of death alone.

                           monkeybone
            stu, you have my absolute confidence. ­- dead
            man! dead man walking!!

                           stu
                 (grabbing him by the throat)
            i've got one chance to get back to julie, and
            i'm gonna take it - with or without you.

he turns and stalks off. monkeybone stands there blinking.

                           monkeybone
            hey. aren't you gonna talk me into it?

                           stu
            no. goodbye. thanks for nothing.

stunned, monkeybone scurries along behind him, pleading.

                           monkeybone
            you gotta talk me into it. you'll screw up on
            your own. i mean, a guy's gotta have a sidekick.
            for moral support! wisecracks - snappy banter -
                 (wrapping himself around stu's leg)
            it's the land of death, stu, the land of death!
            don't go in there without your comedy relief!!

                           stu
            all right. you can come.

                           monkeybone
            oh, thank you! thank you! th--
                 (suddenly realizing)
            something went very, very wrong here.

                           stu
            now we just gotta figure out how to get there.

as if in reply, a pale, spectral presence comes drifting across the
dance floor - an eight-foot-tall grim reaper.

the boys duck behind a potted plant to watch as he zeroes in on the wet
bar - where a beautiful coma victim, lulu, is drunkenly making out with
another sloshed corpse-to-be, fred.

                           reaper
            lulu la rue. i have come for you.

lulu doesn't notice. she continues grappling with fred. muttering, the
reaper dives in and tries to disentangle them.

                           reaper
            lulu la rue, i have come for -

                           lulu
            shay, you're kinda cute.

she ditches fred and throws her arms around the reaper. repulsed, he
pushes her away, props her against the nearest wall -

- and touches her with one bony finger above the heart! it's like
throwing a switch. her body stiffens. her eyes cross. her tongue droops
out of her mouth. she makes a noise like a dial tone.

the true horror of death is that it makes you look like a total idiot.
the reaper pulls a collapsible hand truck from beneath his shroud and
starts maneuvering lulu onto it.

                           fred
            say there. how 'bout one for the road?

the reaper ignores him. fred holds up a cocktail glass.

                           fred
            hold this for me, pally.

the reaper heaves a sigh and takes the cocktail glass. fred grabs a
pitcher filled with some luminescent tropical concoction...

...and pours it down the reaper's front!

                           fred
            ooopsy daisy.


on stu and monkeybone - behind the plant

wincing at the reaper in his sopping wet, pink-stained shroud.

                           monkeybone
            is that what they call "death with dignity"?

the reaper wrings out his shroud and grabs the hand truck. as he wheels
lulu past the boys, monkeybone pops up with a helpful hint:

                           monkeybone
            two words for you, my friend: club soda.

stu claps a hand over mb's mouth as the reaper turns down a hall.

