int. second bedroom/studio - night

open on two photos, mounted in a single frame. on the left, buster
keaton, droopy-eyed, in his familiar porkpie hat and vest. on the right,
a photoshopped image of buster the bassett hound, in the same pose, also
wearing keaton's hat and vest.

these photos are on the wall of the cramped room which serves as stu's
studio and julie's office. monkeybone strips are scattered across the
drafting table. alice is making up the sofa as a guest bed.

as she's hanging her coat in the closet she comes across an acrylic
canvas in the back, stashed behind a battered portfolio and a box full
of spiral-bound sketchbooks. she pulls it out. she's obviously disturbed
by it, but she can't tear her eyes away...

she's still gaping at the painting when julie enters in a terrycloth
robe.

                           alice
            who did this?

                           julie
            stu. that was right about the time we met.

                           alice
            when he first came in to the sleep lab?

                           julie
            yeah...before your time.

the canvas depicts a group of surgeons with the faces of wolves. they're
standing over a human patient, replacing his internal organs with
machine parts. the style is at once cartoony and unsettling.

                           alice
            jesus, honey...he always joked about you curing
            him, but i never realized what you cured him
            from.

                           julie
            he hadn't gotten a good night's sleep in years.
            the nightmares would wake him up, and he'd start
            right in painting...
                 (chuckling)

            that boy looked like pluperfect hell.

alice's gaze goes from the nightmare paintings to the monkeybone strips
tacked up over the drafting table.

                           alice
            how do you get from here - to there?

                           julie
            switch hands.

                           alice
            what?

                           julie
            i'm serious. it was bicameral disjunction -
            right brain and left brain out of balance. he
            was a rightie, so i made him switch the pencil
            to his left hand. just to see what'd come out.

a smile comes to julie's face. she settles in on the floor beside alice
and digs through the various portfolios until she comes up with a
quickie cartoon on the back of a napkin - the prototype for...

                           alice
            monkeybone?

                           julie
            left-handed, he was funny. he'd been doing all
            this scary, intense work...then he found out he
            could draw this stuff, and make me laugh, and he
            liked that.
                 (shrugging)
            and then the nightmares just...stopped.

                           alice
            wow - two guys in the same brain. - which one
            did you fall in love with?

julie smiles at the cartoon. she isn't telling.

                           julie
            i've put a ton of work into that boy, alice. i
            am not going to let him get away from me.

