int. banquet tent - that moment - late afternoon

the last stages of dinner. waiters are already clearing plates, and
although julie has barely touched her food she sends her plate away.

onstage a band is playing tasteful zoo jazz. when the number ends, stu-
bone approaches the dais and leans into the mike.

                           stu-bone
            as emcee i want to thank you all for joining us
            at this swingin' bash...it's a special night for
            the birds, and the lions, and the monkeys, but
            it's also a special night for -
                 (tapping his chest)
            - this monkey. and it's special because of a
            very special lady. her name is -
                 (checking a note in his pocket)
            julie mcelroy. just kiddin', julie. stand up.

julie stands reluctantly. the crowd applauds.

                           stu-bone
            and to make this special night extra-special,
            i'd like to do a special number...especially for
            you.

a disco ball lowers. stu-bone turns to welcome a group of backup soul
singers who are just joining the band on stage.

the tent begins to rock with a throbbing beat. and stu-bone launches
into a wild-eyed, hip-shaking parody of mick jagger singing the rolling
stones' "monkey man"!

as he sings, stu-bone gyrates over toward julie, bumping and grinding
like the cartoon-monkey sex machine he is. he waves his mike to the
crowd, urging everyone to join in. julie gasps in disbelief, but the
crowd is eating it up - clapping and singing along with stu-bone.

he gestures for pretty women to join him out on the floor. he opens his
shirt at the neck, exposing a hitherto unseen plenitude of chest hair.

he pulls out a hanky to mop his brow and tosses it to the crowd. he
wipes his armpits with a second hanky and tosses it to the crowd. he
blows his nose into a third and tosses it to the crowd.

then he jumps up on the tables and shakes his booty wildly,­ strutting in
and out among the dessert plates. if the real jagger could see him, he
would creep home a sad and broken man.

for the big finale, he jumps off the table and slides across the floor
to julie's table - arriving on his knees.

                           stu-bone
            i am just a monkey man! i'm glad you are a
            monkey...woman...too.
                 (soft voice)

            how about it, julie?

he pulls out a ring box and hands it to the beet-red julie. the crowd
lets out a collective gasp - followed by wild applause.

she stares down at the ring - a big vulgar sparkler. she can't speak.

                           stu-bone
            we'll hop a plane tonight. an island ceremony.
            an abba dabba honeymoon!

                           julie
            it looks so...new.

                           stu-bone
            it is new. why wouldn't it be new?

                           julie
            but the heirloom ring. your grandmother's
            ring...

                           stu-bone
            heirloom? huh? you want a used ring - ?

no reply. she's taking a long time to say yes. the audience is
muttering.

                           stu-bone
            ju-leeee... operators are standing by... offer
            expires at midnight, december 31...

suddenly a gore-stained figure bursts into the tent.

                           o.d. stu
            doc! doc! don't do it! he isn't stu! he's
            monkeybone!!!

julie's jaw drops. she barely gets a glimpse of o.d. stu before the zoo
guards arrive to haul him away.

                           stu-bone
            boy, the nuts are out tonight. what'd that creep
            call you - ?

                           julie
            he called me "doc."

- which stu-bone never does. someone in the crowd yells...

                           guest
            hey monkeybone!!

stu-bone turns and does a simian comedy shtick for the crowd.

                           stu-bone
            that's me, folks! monkeybone! let's party!

by the time he's done scratching his ribs, julie has vanished!

