int. stu's living room - day

the entire monkeybone brain trust has come to visit: herb, syndicate
head mr. bowers, and several corporate reps hoping to arrange tie-in
deals. host stu-bone has started to take on a simian look: more
prominent ears, flared nostrils, heavy beard stubble, etc.

the burger god rep sets a tray of fast food in front of stu-bone - the
packaging all covered with angelic haloed monkeybones.

                           burger god rep
            as you know, burger god has 1700 outlets
            nationwide...we're prepared to back a major tv
            buy to launch our mega monkey meal.
                 (beat)
            go ahead. try a bite.

stu-bone takes a bite out of his monkeyburger - looks pleased at first -
then begins picking something out of his teeth.

                           herb
            what's the matter?

                           stu-bone
            i think it's a pig hair.
                 (examining a contract)
            how much is mcdonald's offering?

                           herb
            less.

stu-bone immediately signs the contract and shakes hands with the burger
god rep. herb consults his agenda.

                           herb
            oh, here's something. the city zoo is kicking
            off a fund-raising campaign. they wonder if
            you'd be willing to appear at a benefit.

                           stu-bone
            how much?

                           herb
            well, nothing. it's a benefit. but we could
            probably get people and entertainment tonight to
            cover it.

                           stu-bone
            i get it. we could give the public the
            impression that we were doing something...
            charitable. brilliant!!

                           herb
            and last...you remember bill here, from the
            bazoom toy company? he's got a little something
            i think you'll like.

the toy rep sets a lockbox on the table. a stencil on the box reads "top
secret." he pulls out a key and opens it to reveal...

...a tuxedoed, collector's-edition monkeybone doll lying on a bed of
crushed purple velvet. he carefully removes the treasure from its chest.
its right hand is hinged. the doll's thumb is up its rear.

                           bazoom toy rep
            it's a prototype. code name "little jack
            horner." go on - pull out his thumb.

stu-bone stares at the doll - cautiously yanks its thumb out. we go to
slo-mo as the rising arm causes a noxious aerosol spray to shoot out of
monkeybone's ass!

and we stay in slo-mo as stu-bone stares at the doll in wonderment and
awe...a man in looooove.

still in slo-mo, the execs crack up, gag, hold their noses at the awful
stank of it. stu-bone is the only one not laughing. he reaches out to
touch the doll - to fondle it adoringly -

- and suddenly we're back to real-time.

                           bazoom toy rep
            you know kids - they love anything gross...

                           stu-bone
            kids? kids?! this is a work of genius. this is
            art. this is the answer to all my prayers!
                 (beat)

            say - just a technical question - could you fill
            these babies up with a particulate solution of
            one part chemical enzyme to ten parts water?

                           bazoom exec
            well - i guess...

                           stu-bone
            aww righhhhht!

he breaks into riotous laughter and begins blasting monkeyfarts at herb
and the execs, who dive for cover under the conference table.

