96   int . back room - the shack - sunset

     a mass of technology and furniture from recent and distant past.
     lincoln lowers ester onto a threadbare sofa. ozzie, excited to
     have visitors, bustles up with a water gallon, pouring a glass.
     lincoln takes it and tips it to ester's lips. she coughs it out
     at first. then takes the glass and starts drinking with vigor.
     ozzie sets down the water gallon in front of his visitors. then
     settles in an armchair and cracks open a beer. it lends the mood,
     albeit strained, of a social visit. lonely old ozzie wanting to
     make it so. despite which, both men have an eye on each other.

                               ozzie
                    got stuck in that supercell, didya?

     lincoln eyes him, wary of the question. ozzie reads confusion-

                                     ozzie
                    supercellstorm , that's what they call
                    it on the news anyways. i n my day, we
                    just called `em "big ol' h o w l e r s " .

     ozzie chuckles to himself. it seems to put his visitor at ease.

                                ozzie
                    yep, i heard it shut down some of the
                    lodeways. dust in the works, i guess.
                    where were you folks headed anyways?

     lincoln gulps down some water, deciding an answer. then ventures-

                                lincoln
                    away.

                                 ozzie
                    a w a y ? you mean, like outta s t a t e ?

                                lincoln
                    " o u t of state"...

                                                                          65.



     the term is meaningless to lincoln but he likes the sound of it.
     ozzie grins. this is starting to feel like a real social visit.

                               ozzie
                    n o w where's my manners gone? i'm ozzie.
                    osmund r e a l l y . but folks call me ozzie.

     an awkward lull as ozzie waits for his visitor to reciprocate.

                                     ozzie
                    s o m e t i m e s i like to make a joke of it,
                    my last name bein' d e e r . . . "o. deer".

     o z z i e chuckles but the pun seems lost on his visitor. he lets it
     drop. the awkward silence returns. lincoln drinks the water,
     wondering if this strange old man is as harmless as he appears.

                                ozzie
                    we l l now, looks like yer g i r l f r i e n d ' s
                    made herself at home.

     lincoln looks at ester, slumped over, asleep on the sofa. ozzie
     puts a finger to his lips, beckoning his visitor out of the room.

