28   int . foyer - community center - evening

     the music from within is like a warm beckoning hand. the foyer is
     slightly vaulted to accommodate a statue. on a bench at its
     f o o t , ester sits alone, waiting patiently. as lincoln enters,
     s h e rises to greet him, smiling. he seems more sullen than
     usual.

                                 lincoln
                    s o r r y i'm late.

                                ester
                    i t ' s okay. i was waiting to tell you
                    something anyway. guess what?

     lincoln looks at her, unsettled by her flourishing smile.

                              ester
                    m y baby - i felt it move. and it's the
                    weirdest feeling too. i can't explain
                    it. it's like being more... more h e r e .
     lincoln returns a deadpan look. ester's smile wavers a little.

                                                                          30.



                                ester
                     i'm sorry. i'm all excited and we're
                     supposed to be finding peace of mind.

                              lincoln
                     i have to cancel, ester.

     his voice is expressionless. ester shrugs, refreshing her smile.

                               ester
                     s o i'll see you at breakfast tomorrow?

                              lincoln
                     i don't think so.
     ester ' s smile falls. her eyes, reaching, trying to understand.

                                ester
                     did i do something wrong, lincoln?

                                lincoln
                     no.

     a small word but it comes heavily. before ester can ask another
     question, lincoln turns and leaves. his jaw, clenching with the
     effort of self-containment. ester watches him, not hurt, just a
     little confused. we widen to encompass the height of the statue.
     the likeness is idealized but unmistakably that of dr. sanger.

