103   int. rooftop nightclub - phoenix

      a glass dome, faceted, insectile. a haut-monde h i v e . the movers
      and shakers of the high-tech boomtown drinking, dancing. shot
      waitresses dose blue tequila. bass music thuds like a heartbeat.
      scheer looks out of place here but the crowd's too self-absorbed
      to care. he moves through them, invisibly, towards a corner booth.

      two men in suits sit with a bottle of blue tequila. the first is
      bald, pale and dead-looking, he'd be the grim reaper but for his
      fixed leer. the second is long-haired, bearded, hulking, more of
      a grim ploughman. he has a metal brace screwed into his forearm.

                                  scheer
                     which one of you is diggs?

                                   diggs (the bald man)
                     that's me, slick. this here's my
                     partner burdon. don't mind him. he
                     gets a little shy around strangers.

                                 scheer
                     what happened to his arm?

                                     diggs
                     `pursuit last week. the guy took a
                     swing at him with a fireaxe. didn't
                     stop burdie though . `took down that
                     fucker with one arm, didn't you?

      burdon sips his drink. scheer, underwhelmed, takes a seat.

                                scheer
                     you don't look like bounty hunters.

                                 diggs
                     well we're on the job, see? and it
                     kind of helps if you bleed in. you
                     don't look like a bondman either.

                                scheer
                     i'm just an intermediary.

                                diggs
                     now that's what people use when they
                     don't want to get their hands dirty.

      he grins, cannily. scheer grimaces, a pro suffering an amateur.

                              scheer
                     i was told you also handled civil
                     bonds. debt runners, data-thieves...

                                                               70.



                          diggs
              what we hunt depends on the bounty.

                          scheer
              it's worth ten platinum. unmarked.

diggs pauses at this. a huge amount. suspiciously huge. he licks
some salt, downs a blue tequila shot and bites a slice of lime.

                            diggs
              what's the bond?

                         scheer
              the parties i represent want to limit
              the specific details. but let's just
              say industrial secrets are involved.

                         diggs
              ten platinum. must be big secrets.

that canny grin again. it raises scheer's hackles-

                         scheer
              any good at keeping them?

                         diggs
              oh, me and burdie, we're busy bees. we
              don't have time to file every report
              and we got real bad memories. but just
              so we understand each other, slick,
              we're talking about a bag job, right?

scheer returns an equivocal look. then dips in his pocket for two
digital slides - lincoln and ester's headshots, spinning in 3d.

                            diggs
              what's up with these tattoos? they
              look like fucking boondock types .

                         scheer
              all i'm authorized to tell you is they
              have no records in this state. also
              that they're not armed or dangerous.

                         diggs
              how about we start with their names?

                          scheer
              john and jane doe...

                            diggs
              you're kidding me, right? no names?

                                                               71.



scheer's look says he's serious. but diggs is still confounded.

                          diggs
              the n - with all due respect - how the
              fuck d o you expect us to find them?

                             scheer
              because you won't have to look. they
              jumped an overnight shuttle. they'll be
              headed for the terminal, trying to get
              out of state. it's strictly a recovery
              job. for you, it should be childsplay.

                          diggs
              the n why not do it yourself? or is the
              dog ring just to impress the ladies?

the grin. scheer moves his hand to cover the usmc ring, stiffly-

                         scheer
              the parties i represent want to stay at
              arm's length. and just so we understand
              each other that means no connection, no
              papertrail, no police interest...

                        diggs
              is that everything?

                           scheer
              . . . no mistakes. they want these two
              brought in quickly and quietly and
              unharmed. once you have them, you'll
              contact me for further instructions.

                       diggs
              i don't know. what do you say, burdie?

b u r d o n looks over. then suddenly stands bolt upright, diving into
his jacket, jerking out what looks like a pump-action shotgun.

                           burdon
              f r a n k hofstetter! this is a bond
              recovery! step away from the bar!

f a c e s turn as he swings aim across the bar - hofstetter, slight,
wide-eyed, looking hunted - customers moving away, exposing him -
burdon chambering a cartridge, emphatic - hofstetter f r e e z e s - a
deer in the headlights - a moment of hesitation - then he runs.

- b o o m - burdon fires but the shot misses, hitting the bartender -
exploding on impact with a blinding electrical discharge - the
stunned bartender spasms and drops - burdon pumps and chambers
another slug - his weapon now earned the name of a "thunderbolt".

                                                                            72.



      a stampede begins - customers running scared - his quarry lost
      in the stampede, burdon vaults over the table - diggs pulls out
      what looks like a twin-barrel sawn-off and launches after him -
      scheer stays seated, watching the hunt with remote curiosity--

      h o f s t e t t e r c l a w s through the stampede - spotting burdon and the
      thunderbolt close behind - he drops out of the firing line - onto
      his knees - crawling, banged about - almost at the exit, almost--
      t w i n barrels press to his head - diggs looks down - grinning,
      beckoning him upright - hofstetter l o o k s up - bleak, defeated -
      a girl blunders into them - toppling over hofstetter i n t o diggs--

      h o f s t e t t e r t a k e s his chance to run - now scrambling against the
      stampede - diggs disentangles himself and levels his weapon -
      the stampede parting - throwing themselves to the ground as--

      - b o o m - diggs fires - the scattershot hits hofstetter a s he flees
      up some steps - peppering his leg - sparks off metal as diggs
      keeps firing - his weapon now earned the name of a "rainmaker".
      h o f s t e t t e r r e a c h e s a catwalk - his leg dragging, numbing from
      t h e tranquilizer cores - the catwalk dead-ends - blind panic now -
      he ducks under the rail, reaching for the dome - finding a
      precarious handhold, he swings across - trying to climb --

      d i g g s comes up beneath - looking up, grinning - the pathetic
      sight of hofstetter - one leg useless - clinging to the dome
      like a fly trapped under glass - as burdon goes to recover him -

                                   diggs
                      don't bother. he'll drop by himself.
      b u r d o n pulls out some handcuffs and stands waiting. diggs returns
      to the booth. pouring out two tequila shots, he grins at scheer -

                                    diggs
                      n o w . . . where were we?

