60   int . another operating room

     another grid of readouts. another cardiograph beeps. a spotlamp
     illuminates the or table and starkweather two-delta - his face,
     slack with anesthesis, eyes rolling a little beneath the lids.
     the rest of him under a sheet, cut out over the belly, the flesh
     slit and parted by a clamp, framing a window into his innards.

     standing over him, mid-operation, a surgeon and surgical tech.
     interrupted by a chime, the surgeon looks up at a screen, where
     a panel flashes: "paging". he cradles his bloody gloves and
     elbows a button. the face of the desk nurse resolves on screen-

                               desk nurse (on screen)
                    the courier's here for pickup.

                                the surgeon
                    well he's going to have to wait a while.
                    it took forever to put this one under.

                                surgical tech (o.s.)
                    doctor...

                                desk nurse (on screen)
                    he's asking for an eta. said something
                    about some kind of storm moving in.

                               the surgeon
                    for christ's sake, is that my fault?
                    just find a way to stall him, okay?

                                s u r g i c a l tech (o.s.)
                    doctor.

                                surgeon
                    what is it?

                                     surgical tech
                    subject's heart rate is spiking.

                               surgeon
                    not again. boost the anaesthetic lev...

     suddenly he's sprayed with blood a s the clamp springs loose from
     the stomach, clattering to the floor. he's frozen by shock as...

                                                                               48.



     starkweather sits bolts upright. dazed, he looks at the surgeon,
     the tech, then down at his wide-open stomach. instinctively, he
     clutches it. then, his mind assimilating the horror, he screams.
     now launching off the operating table, the lever-arm swinging
     out, blindsiding t h e tech - tubes and wires snapping loose -
     instruments flying - starkweather lunges for the doorway - the
     surgeon steps up to block him - only to be hurled aside...

