217   int . sales hall - the institute - day

      an embryo in mutated effigy hangs suspended in the amber fluid.
      dr. sanger stands at the wall of display tanks, mid-way through
      his sales pitch. he delivers it now with noticeably less gusto-

                                       dr. sanger
                     c a s e in point, the clone. back in the
                     beginning, the mapping of the human
                     genome was declared a historic landmark-
                     to break the curse of heredity, to
                     correct congenital defect... genetic
                     engineering became the brave new world
                     of medical science. a bright future
                     that led to a dark age and much of...
                            ( a n abrupt pause, a frown)
                     . . . l e g i s l a t i o n we know today. but while
                     the clone laws may have narrowed the
                     field, science marches on. only to...
                            ( a n o t h e r abrupt pause)
                     i'm sorry, i'm f...

      s u d d e n l y he clutches his arm, emitting a guttural gasp.

                                lydia
                     dr. sanger?

      s a n g e r just looks at her. then jolts from a spasm, clawing at
      his chest. his knees buckling, he topples against a display
      case. pawing at the glass, he slides dreadfully to the ground.

                                                                        135.



                                 lydia
                     he's having a heart attack! a doctor!
                     somebody get a doctor in here!

      the tour group keeps their distance, unsettled by the face of
      mortality. sanger is now lying in contortion on the floor, his
      gaping eyes fixed on the display tank. the embryo in mutated
      effigy, rocking about in the amber fluid. the sight of this
      little human monster is one that will follow him to the grave.

