105   int . passenger car - morning
      the sun is a muted orb behind polarized glass. lincoln stares out
      of the window at the bleak new world blurring past. he's wearing
      ozzie's ballcap o v e r his crosshatch, his former clothes discarded
      for some of the old man's ill-fitting denims. perhaps a disguise
      or perhaps just to shed the memory. he glances across at ester,
      dressed likewise, her hair teased to cover her crosshatch. she's
      dozing, head rested on the glass. a ticket collector comes up-

                                                                        73.



                               ticket collector
                      tickets...
      lincoln looks at the man in uniform, uncertain what he wants. the
      ticket collector shakes his head. these two look like deadbeats.

                                   t i c k e t collector (cont'd)
                      a d u l t fare is forty five currency
                      units. do you have the money, sir?

      lincoln assimilates. money. the word is familiar. he pulls out
      the blue plastic card. the man in uniform looks encouraged. he
      gives him the card, watching him slot it into a handheld device,
      which briefly flashes, then the card is returned. lincoln sees a
      strip at the top is now transparent, like a depleted reservoir.
      he assimilates. not so different from the transactions in the
      world below. then he notices ester is awake and is looking at
      him. her bright eyes, dim and troubled, somehow accusatory.

                                  lincoln
                      i t ' s going to be okay, ester.

                                ester
                           (faint)
                      is it?

                                lincoln
                      we just need to get out of state.

      ester , disconsolate, looks out of the window. in her gaze, the
      forlorn air of a hatchling fallen from the nest. lincoln watches
      her, knowing her troubles and knowing that he cannot relieve them.

