178   int . kitchen - continuous

      the kitchen is arrayed with modern technology but softened with
      paintings and craftwork. a r t marginally overwhelming science.
      katherine starts making some herb tea in the traditional manner.

                                 lincoln
                     what did you give her?

                                 katherine
                     j u s t something to help her sleep. i
                     think she has a bronchial infection.
                     but i'm not sure i should give her an
                     antibiotic in case it effects the baby.

                               lincoln
                     s o you know about the baby...

      katherine pauses, reality sinking its claws. she looks at him-

                                                                 116.



                            katherine
               is n ' t that why you came here?

                        lincoln
               i found your name in the listings. i
               wasn't sure. you don't look like her.

                           katherine
               the y have a plan... for women like me.

                         lincoln
               s o you're the one who takes her baby.

katherine winces at him. it's uttered so matter-of-factly. she
pauses, hanging her head, searching within herself.

                          katherine
               you know when you're young? how you
               run around thinking you're immortal?

lincoln ' s look says he has no idea. she seems not to notice.

                            katherine
               the r e was a lodeway accident. i was...
               damaged. after that, i thought no man
               would ever want me. i was wrong. his
               name was john. he said he married me
               for my eyes. ocean eyes, he called
               them. he always loved the ocean. up
               there on the wall, that's john's boat.

o f f her gesture, lincoln glances at the wall. a watercolor of a
yacht. meaningless to him but katherine gazes it at, fondly-

                            katherine
               but i think there was always an unspoken
               regret between us. when we heard about
               the technology, it was like... forgive-
               n e s s , like a second chance. a child of
               our own, part of both of us. sailing
               trips, fishing trips, so many plans...
                      ( a flat beat)
               j o h n got cancer a year ago. he died.

he r eyes mist, distant and bittersweet, talking to herself now.

                              katherine
               i r o n i c . that the same technology could
               have saved his life. and now the baby
               is the only part of him i have left.
               and the boat. i still have the boat.

lincoln looks discomfited. there's more to this than he thought.

                                                                     117.



