3   int. nutrition plaza - sector four - day

    satie's gymnopedie plays from overhead speakers. 

    a glass wall looks out across a green mountain valley. the plaza, 
    formed in curves of creamy ceramic tile, is divided into two service 
    areas.

    male residents in line on one side, females on the other. both
    genders combine in the seating area. lincoln reaches the head of
    the line. he swipes his ethercuff o v e r a scanner. a nutrition
    clerk, a surly woman in uniform, eyes the readout on her screen-

                                    nutrition clerk
                     lincoln six-echo... options are dried
                     fruit, oatmeal or anything in bran.

                                  lincoln
                     what? no bacon?

                                nutrition clerk
                     you got a sodium flag, pal - now
                     what's it going to be?

                                 lincoln
                     whatever.

    he shrugs, disgruntled. the clerk taps her screen. turning to a
    row of chutes behind her, she collects a foil covered bowl and a
    drink can. lincoln, less than appetized, loads his tray with the
    oatmeal and juice breakfast. then he heads into the seating area.

    in the seating area, male and female residents sit eating and
    chatting happily. uniformed busboys intermix, clearing and wiping
    tables. a divide in this community now starts to become clear...

    the busboys, like the nutrition clerk, like all the service,
    maintenance, and administrative staff we'll see, have distinct
    uniforms but no facial marking. they are known as "outsiders".

    the "residents", like lincoln, have crosshatched scars on their
    upper left brows and ethercuffs o n their wrists. mostly caucasian,
    from mid-twenties to mid-sixties. there are no children here.

    we isolate a blonde - mid-20's, fresh, bright eyes, a fragile
    beauty, a crosshatch of two verticals and one horizontal. her
    name is ester two-alpha. seeing lincoln, she smiles and waves-

                                     ester
                     lincoln ! over here!

                                                             3.



lincoln crosses, a little surprised to see her. pleasantly so.

                            lincoln
              hello , stranger.

                           ester
              what? you don't recognize me?

                          lincoln
              it's just an expression, that's all.

                         ester
              you and your expressions, lincoln. now
              sit down and ask me where i've been.

                               lincoln
                     (sits , a spreading smile)
              okay, ester. where have you been?

                               ester
              at the medical center. just for tests
              but they had me on liquid nutrition.
                     (forks a mouthful of eggs)

              mmmmm. this is the first solid food
              i've had in a week.

                          lincoln
              exciting.

                            ester
              that's not the exciting part. i got my
              first trimester report: happy, healthy
              and contaminant-free... both of us.

                          lincoln
              us?

                        ester
              my baby... it's in perfect condition.
              i just hope i can keep it that way. i
              still have six months to delivery.

                          lincoln
              then you leave all this behind, huh?

                          ester
              why? will you miss me?

her eyes betray a flicker of something. it unsettles lincoln.

                          lincoln
              i'll miss your coffee. c'mon, i
              already burned up my quota.

                                                                       4.



                             ester
                okay. but this is the last time.

in a deliberate move, she drops her napkin on the floor. as she
ducks down to retrieve it, lincoln steals a gulp of her coffee.
rising again, ester registers his souring look.

                            ester
                what is it?

lincoln just nods across the plaza. ambient conversation is now
ebbing at an arrival. an outsider in a grey, vaguely clerical
uniform - sanguine, settled, precise eyes. he might be a prison
warden but for the generally warm reception. he is known as the
community director. his name is merrick.

he crosses to a lectern, unlooping a chain from his neck with a
three-forked pendant known as a "tri-key". he slots the tri-key
into the lectern. the glass wall frosts over and pixellates i n t o
a live feed of himself. now amplified by the plaza speakers,
merrick begins his address-

                            merrick
                good morning. to everyone here and
                everyone watching on etherscreen,
                welcome to the community address. today
                i'm coming to you from sector four. for
                those of you here with sugar quotas, let
                me recommend the french toast. i just
                tried some and it's excellent, really.
                but i know what everyone's hungry for
                s o let's move on to the lottery. as
                always the draw will be made from our
                host sector. so tell me, sector four -
                is everyone ready for the daily spin?

applause and whistles erupt, mostly from the younger residents,
who take on the zeal of a game show audience. the older ones -
including lincoln - greet the prospect with labored tolerance.
merrick turns the tri-key i n the lectern. the glass wall
switches from the live feed to a jumbotron o f flashing text;

- - daily spin!... get ready to win!... daily spin!--

                           merrick
                let the spin begin.

to a burst of cheers, he turns the tri-key another notch. the
glass wall becomes a spinning blur, like a tumbler on a slot
machine. but instead of icons, it clicks through names, each
separated by a blank line - from "adams one-alpha" to "zucker
three - charlie" - scrolling the entire population of sector four.

                                                                     5.



    as the spin slows, a pent silence falls. expectant eyes watch the
    names click through the p's, the q's, the r's, the s's and . . .
    - - spin win!... starkweather two-delta... spin-win!--

                                     merrick
                   starkweather two-delta! step up!

    cheers and applause as everyone looks for the lucky recipient.
    the excitement abates as it becomes clear he's not among them.

                                    merrick
                   well , starkweather, if you're watching
                   on etherscreen - your time has come, my
                   friend! you're moving out to the island!
                          (another burst of cheers)
                   and the rest of you, never lose hope;
                   what do we know about the daily spin?

                                   the younger residents
                   everyone gets to win!

                              merrick
                   an d tomorrow it could be you...

    merrick steps down and departs. the plaza reverts to its former
    mood, dotted with murmurs of disappointment. lincoln scowls.

                                ester
                   don't worry. your time will come.

                                 lincoln
                   that's easy for you to say. your time's
                   guaranteed. all you have is six months.

                              ester
                   six months of mood swings, sore back
                   and swollen feet. want to trade places?

                                    lincoln
                          (scowl lifting)
                   give me some more of your coffee.

