129   int . departure area

      ester sits waiting, anxious now, coughing persistently. hearing
      footfalls, she looks round. but the face that greets her is not
      lincoln. it's the pale man, the one who chased them. before she
      can react, he forcefully pulls her upright, tapping his earpiece-

                                   d i g g s (on radio)
                      p i e c e of cake, burdie. j a n e doe's in
                      the bag. keep an eye out for john-boy.

      ester looks around in panic. faces turn but none of them are
      lincoln's. diggs confronts the spectators, flashing a badge -

                                  diggs
                      bond recovery... state license.

                                                                      86.



      he marches his female quarry towards the exit. now she starts to
      struggle and he jerks her back, slapping a cuff onto her wrist-

                                 diggs
                     play nice, little girl. now you want
                     to tell me where your boyfriend is?

                                   lincoln (o.s.)
                     behind you.

                                     diggs
                     what?

      - t h u d - lincoln hammers his fist into the pale man as he turns -
      dropping him, flat-on-his-ass - pulling ester away from him -
      d i g g s jerks out the rainmaker - quick to his feet - more insulted
      than hurt - targeting his quarry - who suddenly duck down as--

      - b o o m - diggs fires - a woman screams - the mexican woman - her
      face, peppered with tranquilizer core - her baby starts crying--
      ester frozen - horrified by the screaming woman - the bloody,
      slack grimace - the baby bawling - lincoln dragging her down-

      - b o o m - the blast of the thunderbolt - burdon positioned behind
      them - narrowly missing his target - hitting the partition wall -
      - c r a s h - the partition wall explodes in a blinding electrical
      discharge - shattering into a sudden tempest of glass shards -

      lincoln and ester spin round to see the pale man retargeting -
      the dark giant reloading - exit blocked, they lunge towards --
      t h e partition wall - kicking through the hole in the glass -
      ester's last glimpse of the screaming woman - the howling baby -

