30   int . pleasure cell - night

     the blue light sustains. to one side is a mirrored wall, known
     as an "etherwall". it is currently pixellated t o display a grid
     of women's faces, artificial consorts waiting to be selected.
     facing the etherwall i s a large aquarium-like tank, filled with
     gelatinous blue liquid. this vessel is known as a "sense tank".

     lincoln sits at the rim, naked, wearing a full-head oxygen mask.
     he couples it to a hose dangling from the ceiling. then lowers
     himself into the tank. on the inner facet, a touchlight k e y p a d
     resolves. lincoln taps some keys and the etherwall a c k n o w l e d g e s :

     - - p l e a s u r e partner selected; program commencing...

     lincoln looks out at the etherwall. the faces blink off to leave
     him staring at his reflection. just one left, a pouting redhead,
     who licks her lips in anticipation as the lights dim.

                                                                       31.



     a holographic mist now rises. first resolving a proxy of lincoln,
     naked, replicating his posture in the tank. then the redhead is
     conjured, her buxom nudity glimpsed through the swirling mist.
     lincoln proxy reaches out to stroke redhead proxy's breast. in
     the tank, lincoln's fingers caress only the gel, his fingertips
     met by soft arcs of light - neurological charges, conducted by
     the gel, creating the sense of touch. they are known as "impulse
     arcs". redhead proxy responds, dappling her lips across lincoln
     proxy's neck. in the tank, impulse arcs flicker across lincoln's
     throat, then down his chest, descending to more erogenous zones.
     lincoln stiffens and closes his eyes, yielding to the sensation.

     the sensation engulfing him, lincoln's brow starts to furrow. not
     with ecstasy. something darker. his eyes open, his pupils fixed
     in a black dilated stare. resisting the artificiality, his face
     forming a sneer, tightening until... he slams h i s palm into the
     touchpad. the tank shakes. the proxies blink out. lincoln stands
     mirrored in the etherwall. his hand, pressed against the glass in
     a posture of defiance. his reflection, warped and shuddering.

