56   int . harvest room

     a grid of bio-readouts, each square alive with graphs and digits.
     the familiar baseline of a cardiograph. a lever-arm mounted with
     an iv r e s e r v o i r , dangling tubes and wires onto the or table.

     we see a doctor and a midwife, in whose arms a newborn baby
     squirms and bawls. lying on the table, we see the mother, her
     feet up in stirrups, deeply flushed and puffing from exertion.
     marked by her crosshatch as an agnate, she has just given birth-

                                the agnate mother
                     may i hold her?

                               the doctor
                     we have to run a few tests on her first.
                     in the meantime, i'm going to give you
                     something to help you relax, okay?

     off his smile, the agnate mother nods, anxiously watching the
     midwife wrap her baby in blanket. the doctor taps a button and
     watches the iv reservoir misting with a pale colored fluid.

                                                                              46.



     the cardiograph marks the drop as the fast-acting sedative takes
     effect. the agnate mother watches drowsily as the midwife takes
     her baby from the room. then the cry of the newborn is shut out.
     j u s t the cardiograph now, the beeps evening out, the scart o f
     peaks shallowing a s the agnate mother falls asleep. the doctor
     taps a button. on the grid, the face of a desk nurse appears.

                                 the doctor
                        i'm incubating the baby for 24 hours
                        prior to transport. but go ahead and
                        contact the sponsor. tell her she has
                        a beautiful baby girl.

     the nurse nods. the grid square goes blank. a pause. then the
     doctor taps another button. text appears. reading it, he cites-

                                    the doctor
                        let the record show the sponsor has
                        signed clause 22 of the basic sponsor-
                        s h i p agreement. initiate compliance.

     a light starts blinking. the doctor walks stiffly out of the
     room. the door hisses closed. the agnate mother is left alone.
     sleeping peacefully, blind to the fluid now seeping into her iv.
     d e a f to the slowing beep of the cardiograph. the peaks of the
     baseline falling. spacing, fading, slowing, slowing, until...
     the cardiograph flatlines. an d a sepulchral stillness falls. our
     angle widens with the growing emptiness. the lifelessness.

