98   int . front room - the shack - dusk

     a front room turned into a front office. piles of paper teeter
     atop junk furniture. a bankers lap we might recognize from our
     own era glows over a desk where ozzie is rummaging, looking for
     something. he stops to peer through and check on his visitors-

                                                                   67.



the woman still lies asleep on the sofa. the man is sitting
beside her armchair, head bowed, seemingly plunged in thought.
o z z i e resumes rummaging to find a crumpled delivery note. he
reviews it for a moment. then quickly clears away some more
papers to uncover a keypad device. it is known as a "holocom".
he taps a key and a holoframe resolves. then taps in some digits
from the delivery note. the holoframe snows with static. then a
crosshatch insignia appears, spinning in 3d:

                              recorded voice (on holocom)
               welcome to the sanger institute. if you
               know your party's extension, press...

                           lincoln (o.s.)
               what are you doing?

ozzie jerks round to find his visitor suddenly standing there.
he fumbles on the holocom keypad and the crosshatch blinks out.

                              ozzie
               nuthin . i wasn't doin nuthin .

lincoln frowns, the sense of danger becoming more distinct.
ozzie reads his visitor's troubled expression, realizing-

                        ozzie
               i knew it... them clothes... them
               weird tattoos... i mean, i heard
               stories from those guys but i never...

o f f his visitor's frown, ozzie bites his tongue. he's cornered
in this cramped space with a freak of science. time to backpedal-

                          ozzie
               n o t that i believe `em... buncha c r a z y
               stories... nuthin t o do with you...

he chuckles feebly. but his visitor just stares back at him,
pupils dilated and dark, somehow inhuman. time to wriggle out-

                               ozzie
               w h a d d y a s a y we just forget about it,
               huh? how about i go getcha a beer?

he makes a move past but his visitor doesn't budge. lincoln
senses danger in this old man, whose fear is now manifest-

                               ozzie
               what e v e r you want... just take it...
               whaddya w a n t . . . ? you want money...?

                                                                     68.



      his visitor frowns. ozzie quickly unlocks a cashbox. he grabs
      some colored plastic cards and offers them like meat to a lion.

                                 ozzie
                     i t ' s all i got... take it... just
                     please... just don't hurt me...

      his visitor takes a blue card, inspecting it like a curiosity.
      then steps closer. ozzie shrinks back. an ominous moment, then-

                                 lincoln
                     " o u t of state" - how do i get there?

      o f f ozzie's cowering and confused look, we -
                                                               c u t to:

