199   ext. plantation - diesel generators - day                       199

      the sun's over the yardarm now, blazing hot, and gordy's
      still working under the watchful eyes of the guards.

      nearby, a group of guerrillas is playing soccer, when...

                                                        (continued)

                                                              76.

199   continued:                                                    199

      a man is injured, and his teammates call for one of
      gordy's guards to substitute. the man in the combat vest
      responds. the game is shirts and skins, and he's joining
      the skins. puts down his ak, strips off his combat vest
      and shirt, and runs in.

      gordy's eyes go to the vest and the attached grenades.
      with the other guard still watching him closely, however,
      there's nothing gordy can do.


200   same scene - later                                            200

      the soccer game rages back and forth. suddenly, an open
      man gets the ball. breaks toward the goal.

      gordy sees the player about to go one-on-one with the
      goalie. he cheers the action loudly, whereupon...

      gordy's guard turns to see what's happening, and...

      gordy grabs a grenade.    almost gets it into a tool box,
      when...

      the player kicks wide, the guard looks back, and...

      gordy covers the clattering of the grenade's dropping
      into the tool box by picking up a large wrench... but the
      grenade's still visible as now...

      felix comes around the corner. he's sleepy and hungover.
      and pissed by gordy's lack of progress.

                                 felix
                   it's afternoon. yesterday, you
                   said it would only take two more
                   hours.

      gordy wipes his hands on a rag, throws it on the grenade.

                                 gordy
                   i have this one ready to go.

      gordy reaches up and hits the start button on the
      generator. it sputters, but won't catch. felix just
      looks at him. gordy makes an adjustment, and...

      this time,   the engine turns over. purrs like new. the
      heat lamps   brighten in a row of sheds. felix winces as
      the diesel   roar makes the hangover hammers in his head
      pound even   harder.

                                 felix
                   what about the other one?

                                                      (continued)

                                                                      77.

200   continued:                                                            200

                                 gordy
                   i just need another part from
                   town, and it's five more minutes.

                                    felix
                   ... shit.     fine. let's go.

      gordy grabs the tool box.

                                 felix
                   why're you bringing the tool box?

                                 gordy
                   the old part's in there. i need
                   to match it, and it's all greasy.

      felix buys it and heads off.          as gordy follows him...


