106   ext. forest - night                                           106

      to the man in the yankees cap as they walk --

                              gordy
                none of these people have papers?

                              man in yankees cap
                some have the wrong papers. some
                have none...

      the man puts a finger to his lips, hushing gordy.
      they've come abreast of the checkpoint, which can be seen
      in the distance through the trees. colombian soldiers
      have the chiva blocked as they perform their inspection.
      the chiva's diesel growls loudly. when suddenly...


107   figures                                                       107

      we see figures moving in the forest between the group and
      the checkpoint. and then...

      the forest erupts in a deafening fusillade of automatic
      weapons fire being directed at the soldiers at the
      checkpoint. in the same instant, an rpg takes out a
      colombian army humvee in a bright, fiery explosion.

                                man in yankees cap
                alsuelo!


108   man                                                           108

      the man pulls gordy down as the group hits the dirt.   the
      gunfire continues. on the ground, to gordy --

                                man in yankees cap
                guerrilleros.

      the attack rages furiously for twenty seconds, then wanes
      to sporadic gunfire. other weapons are firing now,
      too -- clearly the army is finally mounting a defense.
      and then...


109   forest                                                        109

      we hear the sound of people crashing through the forest.
      they're running toward gordy and the group. the crashing
      gets closer. and now gordy begins to hear the breathless
      panting of the guerrillas in retreat. boots thud past
      gordy's head. when suddenly...

                                                      (continued)

                                                              45.

109   continued:                                                    109

      one of the running guerrillas trips over gordy and goes
      sprawling. the guerrilla, wearing the motley uniform of
      an irregular soldier, whips a look back, and...

      gordy finds himself staring into the battle-hardened eyes
      of a fierce young woman. in a heartbeat...

      the woman jumps back to her feet, and   joins her comrades
      laying down a suppressing fire at the   soldiers. spent
      cartridges rain down around gordy, as   the ak-47 on full
      auto chops loudly over his head. and    then...


110   new angle                                                     110

      the guerrillas are gone.

      the man in the yankees hat hauls gordy up, yells --

                                 man in yankees cap
                   vaya!

      the group is in the greatest danger now -- caught between
      the fleeing guerrillas and the soldiers, who are giving
      chase and will shoot anyone or thing in front of them.
      everyone in the group scrambles to his or her feet and
      begins to run. and...

      soldiers do notice them and begin to fire.


111   foliage                                                       111

      bullets shred the foliage around gordy, whipping past his
      head... he and others keep running. a man goes down when
      a bullet bites into his leg. gordy slows, but the man in
      yankees cap won't let him stop to help. slams him hard
      on his back. keeps pushing gordy forward. a few moments
      later, we hear m-16's on full auto back where they left
      the man.

                                 man in yankees cap
                   his trouble is over.


