6   int. tenement                                                   6

    gordy and his men charge the stairs dragging the heavy
    hoses. rats head past in the opposite direction,
    deserting the burning building.


7   third floor                                                     7

    they meet fire on the third floor. on goes the water.
    gordy quickly checks rooms on the floor for occupants,
    using the axe to open locked doors, then taps junior and
    mike, indicates "up." begins leading the hose team up
    the stairwell. sees something and yells a warning --

                            gordy
              stairs're screwed. hug the wall.


8   fourth floor                                                    8

    they reach the fourth floor.    there's fire everywhere.
    and then...
                                                    (continued)

                                                             4.

8    continued:                                                    8

     they see a firefighter from the other company. he has
     fallen through a gaping hole in the floor of the hallway
     above. he's pinned under a large section of heavy
     debris, coughing and screaming for help as fire rages
     around him. to junior and mike --

                                   gordy
                  knock it back!

     they turn the hose on the flames as gordy moves to the
     trapped firefighter. gordy tries lifting the debris,
     can't budge it. he starts chopping at it with the axe.

     chunks of plaster fly as the axe bites again and again.

     gordy hacks off a large piece of debris. he levers his
     axe under the portion still trapping the firefighter.
     mike moves to help. gordy heaves up on the axe. the
     debris lifts. he heaves harder. it lifts more,
     until...

     mike slides the firefighter out. gordy yanks his axe
     free. the debris collapses. gordy moves to the
     firefighter.

                                firefighter #1
                  two floors up. i heard
                  screaming... couldn't get there.

                                   gordy
                  where?

                                firefighter #1
                  end of the hall.


9    gordy                                                         9

     takes off. charges the next flight of stairs. reaches
     the fifth floor. tries to reach six, but there's too
     much fire. he's beaten back... but not before he hears
     the faint sound of screaming.


10   new angle                                                     10

     gordy looks down the fifth floor hallway to an apartment
     door at the end. between him and the door is the gaping
     hole in the floor. it's too big to jump. he starts
     running. he's gonna jump it.

     gordy reaches the edge of the hole. leaps with all he's
     got. at the same time, he swings the axe, point-first.
     slams it into a spot high on the wall, and...

                                                     (continued)

                                                               5.

10   continued:                                                     10

     gordy swings over the hole on the axe handle.

     he hits the other side running. drives a shoulder into
     the door at the end of the hall.


