20   ext. spanish harlem - basketball court - day                    20

     it appears the entire neighborhood's crammed against the
     chain-link fence around the court, yelling and cheering
     as a team of local kids from the nyfd athletic league
     plays a team of local kids from the nypd athletic league.

     gordy's an nyfd coach, exhorts his team at the top of his
     lungs.

     the rivalry's intense. the game close.       the noise
     deafening. bets are going down.

     nyfd goes up by one in the final minute.

     gordy disses a cop coaching the opposing team.

     luis is one of gordy's kids. a small but talented
     fifteen-year-old. luis steals the ball. drives for an
     unguarded lay-up to put the team up by three... and
     misses. an opponent recovers the ball. the flow shifts
     toward the other end, but luis is slow adjusting,
     devastated at missing the easy "two." gordy yells at him
     to defend.

                                gordy
                  luis, get back! pick up your man!

                                                       (continued)

                                                           9.

20   continued:                                                  20

     luis shakes it off. hustles back on "d" as his man gets
     the ball. the opponent's a step ahead. goes up... and
     luis gets there to reject him. the crowd loves it. the
     buzzer sounds. nyfd wins.


21   same scene - gordy and luis - moments later                 21

     in the game's immediate aftermath. nyfd celebrating
     around them. gordy's proud of luis.

                                gordy
                  we lose, win, whatever. but one
                  thing we never do. we never, ever
                  give up. right?

     off gordy, smiling at luis...


22   same scene - later                                          22

     the crowds are gone. gordy checks his watch and starts
     off, when a sound draws his attention.


23   gordy's pov                                                 23

     luis walks along the inside of the chain-link fence
     around the court. a neighborhood gangbanger and his crew
     match luis step for step outside the fence, rattling the
     fence, clearly trying to intimidate him.


24   back to scene                                               24

     gordy stalks walking toward them.    calls --

                                gordy
                  luis...

     seeing gordy approach, the gangbanger and crew drift off.
     reaching luis --

                                gordy
                  what was that about?

                                luis
                  told 'em i wouldn't play with 'em
                  anymore.

     but gordy sees luis is scared. and he sees the
     gangbanger and crew hovering nearby waiting for gordy to
     go.

                                                                 10.

