          18   int. living room                                           18
               kumar walks over to a table in the living room where he finds
               an m.c.a.t. test prep book. kumar lifts open the cover--
               inside, we see a hollowed-out circle filled with marijuana.
               kumar smells it and shudders in ecstasy.
               the phone next to the book starts to ring. kumar doesn't
               care. he lets it ring until the answering machine picks up.

                                   man with thick indian accent
                             (on the answering machine)
                      kumar...it is daddy. i hope your
                      interview today was good. i'm calling to
                      remind you that you have another one
                      tomorrow morning with dr. wein from
                      cornell at 10:00 a.m. do not be late!
               kumar rolls his eyes as he tears some pages from the m.c.a.t.
               book and starts rolling a fat blunt...

                                   man with thick indian accent
                      it is very important you show up on time!
                      mommy and i will be very upset if you do
                      not go. good luck, kumar. remember, the
                      meeting is at ten o'clock. bye bye.

          

                             double white revised pages    may 28 2003    13.

          

          
               harold (still wearing his button-down shirt, only now
               untucked) enters the living room. kumar is now licking the
               blunt.

                                   harold
                      don't you think you should take at least
                      one of your interviews seriously? at some
                      point your dad's gonna get really pissed.

                                   kumar
                      so what? it's not like there's a
                      shortage of dr. patel's out there. my
                      dad's a doctor. my brother's a doctor.
                      just because everyone in my family went
                      to med school, doesn't mean i have to.

                                   harold
                      well, then what are you going to do?

                                   kumar
                      i'll tell you what i'm gonna do. i'm
                      gonna smoke this fat blunt, get
                      ridiculously high, and then get something
                      to eat.

                                   harold
                      sounds like a plan.

                                                           dissolve to:

          19   omit                                                         19

