          109   ext. the land of burgers - day                              109
                the land of burgers is an oz-like world-- the entire terrain,
                with all it's rolling hills, is made up of hamburgers. music
                plays as harold and maria skip through the land of burgers,
                holding hands.
                along the way, they run by...
                the black guys from the basketball game, all waltzing with
                each other, in white tuxedos. hugest angriest black guy
                gives harold the same scary look from before....
                freak show is shoveling some burgers from the ground into a
                wheelbarrow. he waves to harold and maria. he then takes out
                a chainsaw and starts cutting off the arm he's waving with.
                kumar and the male nurse, who are playing twister, while
                getting high. after a spin of the wheel, kumar reluctantly         
                gets in a position where it looks like he's taking the male
                nurse from behind. kumar's not happy.
                harold and maria fall to the ground-- they roll down a hill,
                until harold is on top of maria. harold picks up a burger
                from the ground. maria does the same. they proceed to feed
                each other their burgers. they munch on them, looking into
                each other's eyes...

          

                              double white revised pages   may 28 2003   86.

          

          

                                    maria
                       i love you, harold.

                                    harold
                       i love you, maria.
                maria gets up and runs away. harold playfully chases her.
                maria runs over to a french fry tree. she plucks a couple

                french fries from the branch and feeds them to harold.             

                                    cole (o.s.)
                       wow, you guys are really extreme...
                harold turns and sees cole kayaking down a nearby stream...

                                    cole
                       ...extremely gay that is.

                suddenly, an arrow goes right through cole's neck! blood

                starts gushing out. he falls off the kayak, into the water.
                harold is shocked. he turns around and sees maria, holding a
                crossbow. she smiles at him. he then jumps on top of her

                and they begin making love on top of the burgers...

                                    maria
                       oh harold! yes! yes! oh, god-- you
                       have the biggest dick of all time! it's
                       so long! and wide, for that matter!
                suddenly, harold turns and sees the burger shack employee
                lying down near them. he is staring at them, with no
                expression on his face, with his hand down his pants--
                rubbing his penis furiously. harold is disturbed.

                                    maria
                       don't worry about him...
                maria rolls over so she's on top of harold. she starts

                licking his face, like a dog. when she doesn't stop licking,

                harold starts getting a little confused...

