          76    int. emergency room                                         76
                the scene is very fast paced, with several young medical
                technicians rushing around. harold is confused and concerned
                as the nurse leads he and kumar over towards a patient...

                                    harold
                              (whispering to kumar)
                       what the hell's going on here?

                                    kumar
                       he must think i'm saikat. don't worry.
                       leave the talking up to me.
                on the operating table is a patient bleeding from his chest.
                he is conscious and appears to be in a lot of pain.

          

                        double white revised pages    may 28 2003   50.

          

          

                              male nurse
                 the patient was brought in by ems five
                 minutes ago. he has three gunshot wounds
                 with entry in the anterior abdomen. no
                 exit wounds.
          harold sees blood squirt out of the patient's chest.

                               harold
                 oh shit!   this guy's gonna die!!!

          the patient hears this and looks nervously at harold.

                              male nurse
                 it's a good thing i found you two. all
                 the other surgeons are working on other
                 patients...
          the nurse hands harold a surgical instrument.

                              harold
                 wait. hold on. you see you got this all
                 wrong. we're not doc...
          kumar interrupts before harold can tell her the truth.

                              kumar
                 what dr. lee is trying to say is that we
                 need to sedate the patient first or else
                 he could go into cardiac arrest.
          harold looks at kumar confused and nervous.

                              male nurse
                 alright. i'll get the anesthesiologist.
          the nurse is about to rush away, but kumar stops him.

                              kumar
                 hold on. what we should probably use is
                 marijuana. that'll sufficiently sedate
                 the patient for surgery.

                              male nurse
                        (confused)
                 marijuana? but why...

                              kumar
                 we don't have time for questions! we
                 need marijuana now! get as much of it as
                 possible! like a big bag of it!
          kumar shows the amount he wants with his hands.

          

                         double white revised pages   may 28 2003   51.

          

          

                              male nurse
                 but doctor, we don't have marijuana in
                 this hospital.
          harold gives kumar a dirty look.

                               kumar
                         (to himself)
                 shit.
          suddenly, more blood squirts from the patient's chest.
          harold shouts in disgust, making the patient more nervous...

                              male nurse
                 we're losing him! you gotta do something!

                              kumar
                        (disappointed)
                 very well. i guess we'll have to do this
                 the old fashioned way.
          kumar puts a nitrous oxide mask over the patient's face.
          harold gives kumar a look-- "what the fuck are you doing?"

                              kumar (cont'd)
                 first, we need to clear his c-spine. i
                 want stat x-rays of the chest and
                 abdomen. give me two large bore ivs and
                 start a ringers lactate push. nurse, we
                 need 2 units of o neg on board.
          using the surgical equipment, kumar actually begins removing
          bullets from the bleeding patient!!! harold can't believe
          what's going on.
          suddenly, the patient begins having trouble breathing! he's
          gasping for air! the beeping sound monitoring his heart rate
          begins speeding up to an insane pace.

                             male nurse
                 doctor! the patient is desatting!
          kumar quickly examines the patient's chest...

                              kumar
                 ah, i see. the patient's got a collapsed
                 lung. get me a 14-gage angiocath, stat!
          after a couple seconds go by...

                              kumar
                 what's taking so long?

          

                             double white revised pages   may 28 2003   52.

          

          
               the nurse hands kumar what is essentially a large needle!
               kumar directs the needle in the direction of the patient's
               chest. it's a tense moment. the patient is scared. so is
               harold. the nurse looks hopeful. kumar looks determined.
               with a quick thrust, kumar jabs the needle into the patient's
               chest, causing a rush of air! the patient breathes easier.
               his heart rate drops back to normal.

                                   male nurse
                      great catch doctor! his sat is up to 94!
               kumar is cool and collected. he turns to the young medical
               technicians who have been aiding the surgery.

                                   kumar
                             (casual)
                      will one of you guys put the chest tube
                      in and wrap this up?
               a chorus of "yes, doctors."

                                   kumar
                             (taking off his gloves)
                      well, it looks like my work here is done.
               kumar pulls the gas mask from the patient's face up to his
               face and takes a deep breath, getting a big hit of nitrous.
               he then leans down to the bleeding patient, who is just
               barely conscious -- but seems in good spirits...

                                   kumar (cont'd)
                      say, you wouldn't happen to know the
                      quickest way to get to the white castle
                      in cherry hill from here, do you?

