          11   ext. apartment building parking lot - 6:21 pm               11
               harold's driving his white infiniti g20. he finds a spot...

                                    harold
                      yes!   right in front...
               harold carefully lines up his car to parallel park. as he
               starts to pull in, a yellow jeep steals the spot from behind.
               the jeep is loaded with "alternative" stickers, and has a
               kayak, hang-glider, and other sports equipment on the roof.
               harold almost hits the jeep. he knows this car.

                                   harold
                             (frustrated, to himself)
                      those assholes.
               the driver, cole (20's, asshole, high energy, intense, loud
               mouth), puts down his window...
               cole is joined in the jeep with his extreme sports punk
               friends, who all laugh at harold.

                                   cole
                             (mock asian accent)
                      this is america, dude! learn how to
                      drive!

                                   extreme sports punk #1
                      better ruck tomorrow!
               frustrated, harold turns around and continues driving...

          

                                 double white revised pages   may 28 2003   8.

          

          

          11a   ext. semi-urban street                                      11a
                he ends up parking far from the building. he has to parallel
                park. he's anal with his parking, going in and out a bunch
                of times, until the car is positioned perfectly in the spot.

          11b   ext. harold and kumar's apartment building                  11b
                harold walks a bunch of blocks to his apartment building. he
                walks up the steps to the lobby entrance of his building...
                suddenly, he stops in his tracks. through the glass door, he
                sees... maria-- a beautiful, sweet-looking young woman of
                puerto-rican descent. she's standing by the elevators.
                harold can't move. he's mesmerized. this is his dream girl.
                harold takes a deep breath...

                                    harold
                       okay, be yourself. don't be nervous.

          11c   int. apartment building (lobby) - day                       11c
                harold enters the building and walks over to maria. they
                give each other a friendly smile. we hear a "bing" sound,
                indicating the elevator has arrived. the doors open and
                harold and maria walk inside.

