          90   int. convenience store                                        90
               harold and kumar walk into the store, where they see cole and
               the punks are nonchalantly knocking over random items from
               the shelves. they then begin playing hackeysack with a
               hostess-like pie. the cashier (an old indian man in his
               sixties) throws out a couple indecipherable protests...

          

                        double white revised pages    may 28 2003    66.

          

          

                              indian cashier
                        (to cole and the punks)
                 please...the pies...do not...
          cole and the punks ignore him.    harold and kumar then
          approach the indian cashier...

                              harold
                 excuse me-- can you tell us how to get
                 onto the highway from here?
          the indian cashier shrugs his shoulders.

                              kumar
                        (to harold)
                 he probably can't speak english...

          kumar says a few words in hindi, which lights up the
          cashier's eyes. kumar listens as the cashier tells him the
          directions in hindi-- it takes the cashier a long time to
          explain it. he mentions numerous streets and routes. it
          sounds like it's very complicated.
          meanwhile, while they are talking, harold suddenly sees two
          more extreme sports punks enter the store, carrying a kayak
          and a paddle. they carry the kayak to the back of the store.
          harold has no idea what the hell is going on. kumar and the
          cashier are too busy talking to notice. harold watches
          nervously as cole puts on a helmet and gets into the kayak...

                              kumar
                 who knew that learning hindi would
                 actually pay off? the guy says the
                 highway's just down the road. we should
                 be in cherry hill in ten minutes.
          harold is still focused on cole and the extreme punks...

                               harold
                         (to kumar)
                 huh?   oh, good.

                              cole (o.s.)

                 extreme kayaking!!!
          harold, kumar, and the indian cashier immediately turn and
          look at cole, who is in the kayak-- which is being held up by

          the extreme sports punks. the punks run down the aisle with

          the kayak and launch it into the air...
          in slow motion, we see cole swing his paddle around in mid-
          air, knocking over everything on the shelves-- bags of chips,

          glass jars of jelly, bottles of soda, etc.
          the extreme sports punks cheer cole on, while harold, kumar,
          and the indian cashier watch in disbelief.

          

                          double white revised pages     may 28 2003    67.

          

          
          the kayak lands on the floor.     cole gets out and celebrates
          with his friends.

                                 cole
                    that was so fucking extreme, man!

                                 extreme sports punk #1
                    yeah man, on a scale from one to ten--
                    one being not so extreme, ten being
                    extremely extreme, i'd give it a nine
                    point five.
          meanwhile, all the extreme sports punks begin going crazy
          throughout the store, knocking food off the shelves,
          bothering other customers.
          the indian cashier begins yelling at them in hindi.
          extreme   sports punk #1 casually looks through a shelf of
          various   kinds of snack chips, discarding them one after an
          other.    finally, he stumbles upon extreme cheddar doritos.
          he goes   apeshit over his find.

                                 extreme sports punk #1
                    extreme cheddar!
          he tears open the bag and starts pouring them into his mouth,
          getting the chips all over the place.
          the indian cashier is still yelling.      cole picks up the
          cashier...

                                 cole
                    extreme cashier!!!
          harold and kumar watch on as cole spins the indian cashier
          around and around.

                                 harold
                    somebody should do something.

                                 kumar
                           (to cole)
                    hey asshole! why don't you leave the guy
                    alone and go jerk off to some
                    snowboarding videos or something.

                                  extreme sports punks
                    oooooooooh!
          pissed, cole stops in his tracks and drops the cashier on the
          floor. he's pissed. it's clear to harold that they may get
          their asses kicked.

          

                              double white revised pages   may 28 2003   68.

          

          

                                   harold
                             (to kumar)
                      i didn't mean you should do something.
               cole slowly walks over to kumar. the two stand face to face.
               cole looks pissed, but kumar keeps his confident exterior.
               it's a tense moment.
               suddenly, cole makes a quick motion as if he was going to hit
               kumar, trying to get him to flinch. kumar stands his ground
               without flinching, still looking cole in the eye. the punks
               don't know what to think as their leader is shown up.
               seemingly impressed by kumar, cole begins to turn around as
               if he's going to walk away, but he quickly doubles back,
               doing the same fake punch he did before. caught off guard,
               this time kumar flinches like a nervous weakling...

                                    kumar
                              (pissed off at himself)
                      shit.
               cole and the punks burst out laughing.

                                   cole
                      yeah, that's right, bitch! try fucking
                      with me one more time. just try it!
               cole jumps up and town gloating and pounding on his chest.

                                   kumar
                             (to kumar, embarrassed)
                      come on, lets get out of here.
               harold and kumar walk out of the store, deflated.   with their
               leader victorious, the punks begin celebrating.

                                   cole
                             (like apu)
                      thank you, come again!

