     int.  mathews house -- search montage -- day

     -in mrs. mathews' bedroom, welles looks through dresser
      drawers, methodically, replacing everything as it was...
      searches hat boxes and shoe boxes in a closet... takes
      books off shelves, fanning the pages, shaking them out...

     -in a bathroom, welles examines the contents of a medicine
      cabinet, examining old prescription bottles... opens
      cabinets under the sink...

     -in the living room, mrs. mathews sits slumped in a chair,
      staring at a soap opera on television, a bottle of scotch
      on tv tray beside her, drink in hand.

     -in the kitchen, welles stands on a chair, searches high
      cabinets... looks through low cabinets, on his knees, pulls
      out pots and pans... fans the pages of cook books...

     -welles stands in the doorway of mary's room, just stares.
      he takes a few steps back into the hallway, looks up at the
      ceiling.  there's an attic door there.  welles reaches to
      the door's handle, opens it, unfolds the portable stairs...

      -in the small attic, welles uses a penlight flashlight,
      crouched under the low ceiling, looking through dusty boxes
      of photographs; old photos of a wedding, of grandparents...
      welles moves to pull back dusty sheets, finds a large
      wicker basket and broken bicycle underneath...

      welles opens the basket, takes out blankets and quilts
      in mothballs.  he finds a wide velvet box, takes it out,
      opens its hinged lid to reveal a set of good silverware.
      he touches the tarnished silverware, lifts out the top tray.
      underneath, resting on top of more silverware, is a diary.

      welles opens the diary, finds written: "mary anne mathews."

      welles turns pages.  the diary's about half-full of
      feminine, cursive handwriting.  after the last written
      page, a page has been torn out.  welles fingers the ragged
      edge, flips through the blank pages till he comes to the
      very last page, a goodbye note.  welles sits and reads...

                             mary's voice (v.o.)
                       (emotionless monotone)
                 "dear mom.  if you're reading this,
                 it means i called you from
                 hollywood, california and told you
                 where to find my diary.  i don't
                 think i'll be able to tell you this
                 when i talk to you, so i'm writing
                 it down here.  you know i haven't
                 been happy for a long, long time.
                 for a long time now dad's been doing
                 things i couldn't tell you.  he's
                 been touching me and it's getting
                 worse.  i can't stay anymore.  i
                 know you and i haven't always gotten
                 along sometimes, but please don't
                 blame yourself.  there isn't
                 anything you can do.  i'm going to
                 make a whole new life in california.
                 maybe someday you'll see me on tv or
                 in magazines.  don't worry about me.
                 love, mary anne."

