        int. gym - night                                        99

        it's a gym.  the mirror-lined walls are cracked and
        tarnished, the equipment atrophied from lack of use.
        the heavier barbells have sunk into the floor.  two
        weight-reducing machines are flapping and grinding away
        like idiots.  deckard's eyes stop on the woman.

        she dangles a few feet off the floor, hung by the
        shoulders through rings suspended from the ceiling.
        her head is slung forward, her body limp and slightly
        swaying.

        deckard pushes open one of the doors until it touches
        the wall.  slowly, he advances toward the hanging figure,
        keeping an eye on the mirror to cover surprises from the
        door.  he's not breathing hard.  his heart isn't pound-
        ing.  deckard's in his element.

        close enough to look up into her face, he stops.  it
        isn't grisly death that causes the reaction in his
        eyes.  it's the innocence of her angel face.

        it's not something he has time to consider.  in the
        mirror behind him, he sees the door starting to open.
        deckard spins.  he shouldn't have.  pris' legs snap up,
        crack the laser out of his hand and clamp around his
        neck.

        slowly, the door swings closed, but deckard doesn't
        notice.  his carotid artery is no longer sending blood
        to the brain.  he jerks up his foot and reaches down.
        as his fingers close around the ankle laser, pris'
        fingers close around his wrist.  deckard's hand opens
        like a flower.  the laser drops to the floor as his
        eyes roll back into his head.

                                pris
                  naughty, naughty.

        she lets go, but before he can fall, she rams a foot
        into his back.  he's propelled fifteen feet across the
        room, slams into a machine and falls to the floor.
        pris flies off the rings and comes at him.

        deckard reaches out to pull himself up, but she's al-
        ready there.  not too hard and just in the right place,
        she kicks him in the stomach.  he goes back to the
        floor, gagging for air.  oh-so-precisely she reaches
        out with a long index finger and flips the switch on
        the machine.

        it's a flab eliminator with a vibrator belt.  normally
        an innocuous piece of equipment, but the motor housing
        on this one is missing.  lots of grinding metal.  a
        bad place for flesh and bone.

        but that's where deckard's hand is going.  an eight-
        year-old against a full-down man.  in two more seconds
        his hand will be ground round.  deckard tries to pull
        his hand loose.  it won't come.  he yanks hard, but
        it's welded in hers.

        his face is twisted and strained as he raises a leg,
        wedges his foot against her chest and pushes with all
        his might.  the hold breaks.  they topple back.  deckard
        hits the floor gulping to catch his breath.  pris is up
        and coming for him again.  she hovers over him.  deckard
        rolls out of the way as she comes down like a pile
        driver.

        reflexively deckard raises his arm to protect himself.
        pris just smiles, takes hold of his foot and drags him
        across the floor.  she doesn't like to leave a piece of
        work unfinished.  they're going back to the machine.

        he goes by a weight-stand of dumbbells and grabs hold.
        it doesn't stop him.  he's sliding over the floor like
        it was ice, weight stand in tow.

        pris gets to the machine, yanks his foot up and forces
        it toward the opening.  deckard sits up, a five-pound
        dumbbell in his hand, and clobbers her in the back.  it
        knocks her off balance, but she doesn't let go of his
        foot.  she hooks out with a fist but misses.  he gets
        her with a roundhouse in the face.

        she goes to the floor and deckard's up, the dumbbell
        over his head, coming down with it.  fighting for her
        life now, pris drives a foot into his chest.  it lifts
        him off the floor.  he flies back across the gym and
        lands in a heap.

        no more games.  pris is furious and moving fast.  she
        rips a steel bar out of the wall and, holding it over-
        head, charges him like a samurai.  as she comes down
        for the kill, she freezes.

        deckard landed near the laser.  he crawls towards it.
        as in a nightmare, it takes forever.  but he gets there.

        he reaches out and grabs the laser, rolls over and
        takes careful aim.  she charges towards him, screaming
        her rage.  he fires as she comes.

        the shot amputates her left arm at the shoulder, but
        her hand doesn't let go of the bar.  it dangles crazily
        in front of her as she charges forward.

        he puts the next one through her neck.  pris hiccups a
        rope of blood as she flies through the air and crashes
        next to deckard.  dead.

        he lies next to her, chest heaving.  slowly he rolls
        over and gets to his hands and knees.  panting, he stag-
        gers to his feet and stands over her, swaying slightly.
        the sound that escapes his throat is raspy and dry.  it
        might not sound like a war cry, but it is.

