        int. tenth floor stairwell - night                      119

        groaning, he tugs and pulls, hauls and heaves batty's
        body to the edge of the landing.  he pauses for breath,
        then lays back, wedging his feet against batty's shoul-
        ders and pushes.  inch by inch the body goes over the
        edge.  then all at once it drops.  but the hand holds
        and the weight of the body takes deckard with it.  as
        deckard slides over the edge, he grabs hold of the
        railing.

        deckard's hanging three hundred feet over the basement
        floor, supporting himself and batty's corpse -- almost
        four hundred pounds of stress on his fingers.
        
        with his free foot he chops away at batty's hand, try-
        ing to break it loose.  but it's not working.  deckard's
        fingers are starting to slip.

        his face is a mask of agony as he wedges his heel over
        batty's thumb.  with the help of gravity and everything
        he's got in his right leg to push with, he pushes.  the
        thumb breaks loose.  batty falls.

        the sound of his body hitting below sounds good, but
        deckard doesn't notice.  he's in an awkward position.
        he must reverse the way he's facing to pull himself up.
        he lets go with his right hand and crosses it over the
        left.  then turns the left around so he's got an over-
        hand grip.

        like a man doing his last pull-up... the one that can't
        be done, deckard pulls himself up, throws a foot over
        the edge and grapples and heaves and wiggled himself
        onto the cold solid steel of the stairwell landing.

        and lies there, body jerking spasmodically, slowly
        clenching and unclenching his cramped hand, but it's
        his burning cheek against the cool metal he's most aware
        of.

        dizzy, hot, lungs on fire, he stands -- and putting one
        foot in front of the other, deckard descends the stairs.

