        int. ninth floor - night                                102

        on the ninth floor he finds what he's looking for.
        footprints coming and going from a door halfway down the
        hall.  he stops to the side of it and listens.  silence.
        deckard fires three quick shots through the door.  if
        somebody were on the other side of it, they aren't now.

        he kicks the door open and dives through head first
        and hits the floor in a roll, pouring fire into the
        far corners of the room but the room is empty.  there's
        a kitchen bar, a closet and a bedroom door, both
        closed.  deckard's breathing is the only sound.  no
        response from either door.

        maybe it was a sound, maybe intuition, but suddenly
        deckard twists around and fires several shots into the
        closet.  the smouldering door slowly creaks open.

        mary is huddled in the rear of the closet.  her hand
        out like somebody about to catch a ball but afraid of
        it.  in her other hand she clutches a button-eyed
        monkey.  her face is bewildered, frozen in fear, her
        body riddled with holes.  no recognition gap here.
        deckard shoots her through the neck to make sure.  mary
        falls to the floor, like a puppet with her strings cut.

        deckard backs away from the pathetic figure in the
        closet and sits on the sofa, unable to take his eyes
        off her.

        deckard lays the laser down next to him, holds out his
        hand and looks at it.  it's steady.  he drops it in
        his lap, closes his eyes and leans back.

        a tapping from the ceiling.  deckard looks up.

        a knock -- with the proverbial double rap at the end.
        a pause.  deckard jumps out of the way as the ceiling
        gives in.  chucks on concrete and plaster hit the
        couch where he was sitting.  the hole is a couple feet
        in diameter -- beams cracked through, exposing the
        apartment above.  silence.  deckard wipes the plaster
        dust from his eyes and mouth, then whispers:

                                deckard
                  hello, roy.

