        int. tyrell dining room - night                         89

        it's a medieval-sized hall.  the piece de resistance is
        an 18th century, english painting of an arab stallion,
        gleaming like coal over the crackling fireplace.

        the entire family is seated at the table which glitters
        for the festive occasion.  presents gathered around the
        oldest child.

        styles hands the "egg" to tyrell.  a hush falls over
        the table.  this is dad's big present.  tyrell sets is
        down before the boy.

        ian is a fresh, slim lad who is ten today.  he looks up
        at his father, then, beaming, pries open the "egg's"
        hinged lid.  tyrell's hand goes to his pocket and the
        griffon steps out of the shell.

                                ian
                  oh!

        basically an avian invention, it has wings and plumage,
        the head of an eagle, the body of a lion and weighs no
        more than eight pounds.  it cranes its neck and testing
        its balance, stands on one leg and then hops to the
        edge of the table and into the air.

        the littlest tot claps her hands as the griffon beats
        its wings rapidly and rises towards the ceiling.  turn-
        ing in a forty-five degree, it suddenly drops into a
        dive.

        delighted, the children shriek and scream as the griffon
        swoops over their crouching heads and sails the length
        of the hall -- its silhouette flickering briefly over
        the ancestral portraits of the tyrell clan.

        reaching the end of the room, it banks sharply and
        flies back towards the table, cups its wings, spreads
        its tail and comes in for an awkward landing.  they're
        laughing and clapping as it waddles down the table and
        knocks over a glass and stops in front of ian.

                                ian
                  papa!  did you make this?

                                tyrell
                  no.  we can make man, but not a
                  griffon.

        he bends down and kisses his wife.

                                tyrell
                  have to give the cottage industry
                  a chance too.

        pleased he excuses himself and heads for the den.

