int.  colosseum - arena - day

tiger waits.  he stands in the center of the arena.  he
has only a traditional short sword.  the crowd is
breathless with anticipation.  as:

					cassius
			(orating)
		and from the rocky promontories and
		martial bloodlines of spain...
		representing the training lyceum of
		proximo antoninus... i give you...
		the warrior maximus!

the crowd cheers.  maximus appears from his gate.  his
fans have increased in number considerably.  they eagerly
crane forward and celebrate him.

meanwhile, maximus looks at tiger.  only one man with a
sword?  maximus approaches, cautious but confident.

he stops a few feet from tiger.  they lock eyes, salute
each other and then turn to the imperial box, raising
their swords.

the crowd waits eagerly for the immortal words...

					maximus and tiger
		we who are about to die salute you.

the crowd cheers and maximus immediately turns and starts
slashing -- tiger easily blocks and strikes back --

the sword play is very fast -- they block and parry and
hack like lightning -- constantly attacking -- they are
perfectly matched --

as he fights maximus becomes aware of a strange sound over
the roar of the crowd -- a low rumbling -- then he feels
something -- a vibration in the ground --

suddenly traps doors swing open and four enormous
platforms rise into view.  on each platform is a snarling
bengal tiger restrained by a chain.  tiger's teams of
"cornermen" hold the chains through a pulley system.  the
cornermen are safely inside cages.  the platforms stop at
ground level.

the four ferocious tigers now mark the four corners of the
battleground.

tiger takes advantage of maximus' momentary confusion and
assaults brutally -- forcing him back toward one of the
tigers -- the tiger claws for maximus -- maximus just
evades it claws -- rolls for a new position -- another
tiger snaps at him --

tiger attacks -- maximus is on the defensive -- fighting
off tiger and evading the four snarling beasts --

and then all four tigers are suddenly closer.  the teams
of cornermen are letting the chains play out, bit by bit,
gradually reducing the size of the battle ground.  the
crowd roars.

but the fight is hardly fair.

whenever tiger is near one of the tigers the cornermen
pull back the tiger slightly -- when maximus is near a
tiger they let it out a bit.

maximus and tiger fight -- swirling action -- finally,
maximus has the edge -- he circles so that the sun stabs
into tiger's eyes -- then maximus lunges forward under
tiger's swinging sword and slams into him -- they fall --
a tiger swats at maximus' face -- he jerks his head back
-- he shoots out a leg and kicks tiger's sword toward one
of the tigers -- it is out of reach -- maximus leaps up
and stands over the winded tiger, sword to his throat.

tiger is gasping for breath, crushed.

then one of tiger's corners suddenly cheats -- they
completely release a tiger -- it leaps for maximus --

maximus barely has time to turn -- the tiger crashes into
him -- its claws slashing into his back, cutting through
his leather armor -- maximus shoves an armored forearm
into the tiger's jaws and stabs with his sword --

tiger takes this chance to pull himself up -- one of his
corners throws him another sword -- the crowd boos --

maximus wrestles with the tiger -- spinning it around with
superhuman effort so it is always between himself and
tiger -- so that tiger can't get at him --

maximus finally kills the tiger and leaps for tiger -- he
quickly disarms him and tosses him to the ground --

maximus stands over him -- ready to administer the coup de
grace.

all eyes turn to the emperor.

commodus slowly stands and steps to the edge of the
imperial box.  he raises his arm and gives the fatal
thumbs down.

maximus looks up at him.

and then defiantly tosses the sword to the ground,
refusing to kill tiger.

commodus is stunned.

the crowd gasps -- a collective intake of breath -- and
then an enormous roar building.  it cascades around the
colosseum.  it is a roaring celebration of the unexpected
act of mercy.  and the delicious act of defiance of the
emperor.

commodus slowly sits.

maximus walks across the arena -- the people stand and
cheer for him.  cries of "maximus the merciful" can be
heard.

it is the birth of a hero.

