ext.  proximo's school - compound - day

an open compound in proximo's school.  on one side of the
compound is a series of cages filled with wild animals of
every description -- including proximo's two hapless
giraffes.

proximo's house slaves begin unloading the newly purchased
exotic animals into cages as maximus and the new slaves
are unloaded.  heavily armed guards supervise everything.

but proximo's slaves are having a bit of a problem with
one of the new lions -- it growls and resists them.

without the slightest hesitation, proximo thunders to the
lion and grabs it by the mane -- manhandling it into a
cage.

					proximo
		come on, you filthy beast!

he kicks the lion in the rear as he shoves it into the
cage.

proximo's provincial school resembles nothing so much as a
seedy prison.  the fading grandeur of the decaying
battlements and the sweeping north african architecture
only slightly mitigate the brutal feel of the place.

and if maximus had any doubts as to proximo's profession
-- all doubts are washed away when he sees the compound.

twenty gladiators are working out in the compound --
hacking at practice dummies and sparring.  the many
heavily armed guards oversee everything.  the gladiators
stop working out as they see the new slaves enter.  they
eye their potential new opponents warily.

one huge, glowering gladiator -- vibius -- watches with
particular interest.  his eye is quickly drawn to the most
obvious athlete:  juba.

the new slaves are herded to the middle of the compound
and house slaves immediately begin throwing buckets of
water on them, cleaning them.

meanwhile, proximo shrugs off his cloak.  a slave brings
him wine as he give his "welcoming speech" to the new
slaves:

					proximo
		slaves.  i am proximo, trainer of
		gladiators.  you live and die at my
		pleasure.  fight well and you will
		live.  fight poorly and you will
		die.  it is better to live.

slaves now toss thick handfuls of powdered lime on the new
slaves -- they cough and clench their eyes shut, the lime
coats and stings their wet bodies.

					proximo
		here you will be trained in the art
		of combat.  here you will be given
		the tools to survive.  please my
		patrons in the arena and all the
		gifts of the world will be showered
		upon you.  imagine riches beyond
		your paltry dreams of riches!
		imagine fame beyond your rude
		understanding of the word!  all this
		can belong to the select few who
		prove their worth in the arena.

slaves throw more water on the new slaves -- washing off
the lime.

					proximo
		if... on the other hand... you
		disappoint me... you will be
		dismembered and fed to my jackals
		limb by limb.

he gazes evenly at his new acquisitions.

					proximo
		and my jackals are always hungry.

he strides off and the guards shove the new gladiators
toward their cells.

