ext.  colosseum - arena - day

at last we see it.

the mighty colosseum arena.

nothing we could have possibly imagined could have
prepared us for the sight of the thousands and thousands
of screaming spectators, the row after row of cheering
faces.

it is staggering.

but for maximus none of this exists.  his full attention
is focused on one spot alone.  the imperial box.

he can see commodus and lucilla sitting in the box.  the
box is elevated fifteen feet above the arena floor at the
top of a sheer black marble wall.  a cohort of fifty
imposing praetorian guard archers surround the box.
commodus' personal body guard of six centurions actually
stand in the box itself, eyes constantly watching like
modern secret service agents.

commodus is untouchable.

meanwhile, three teams move from different entrances to
the arena.

as cassius orates to the crowd:

					cassius
		this day we reach back to hallowed
		antiquity to bring you... the fall
		of mighty carthage...!
			(the crowd cheers)
		... on the barren armies of the
		barbarian hannibal!  ferocious
		mercenaries and warriors of all
		brute nations bent on merciless
		conquest!  your emperor is pleased
		to give you... the barbarian horde!

he gestures to the gladiators in the arena.  the crowd
laughs, jeering the "barbarians."

the drummers begin pounding out a more insistent, heroic
beat.

					cassius
		but on that illustrious day the gods
		sent against them rome's greatest
		warriors...!  the very life-image of
		nobility and glorious valor... who
		would on this day, and on these same
		arid numidian deserts, decide the
		fate of the empire... your emperor
		is pleased to give you... the
		legionnaires of scipio africanus!!

the crowd explodes in cheers as the huge doors at one end
of the arena suddenly burst open and ten chariots thunder
in --

each chariot has a driver and an archer, both dressed in
theatrical versions of the familiar roman lorica
segmentata.

a chaos of dust -- and the battle is on --

the chariots zoom around the arena -- the archers keeping
up a deadly hail of arrows.

maximus immediately dives onto a passing chariot and kills
the charioteer and archer -- he dramatically leaps from
the front of the chariot to a lead horse and cuts it free.

and maximus takes control, we see the general of the felix
regiment gloriously alive again as he barks out orders and
leads his gladiators in battle.  they follow him
faithfully, his stern commands unquestioned.

his strategies are quick and smart, he makes the
gladiators work together.

this kind of slaughter could last for hours...

we see flashes of the endless battle... maximus races on
his horse past another chariot, kills the driver, the
chariot smashes into a wall... the sun sinks lower, the
shadows on the sand lengthen... areas of the sand are
swamps of blood, juba slips, pulls himself up fighting...
maximus uses vibius to create a diversion, two chariots
collide... the crowd roars... a gladiator is dragged
between a chariot and the side wall of the arena... the
drummers pound out their relentless tattoo...

finally...

maximus is on his horse across from the final chariot.

we can see that juba and vibius and a few other gladiators
are still alive.  the rest of the arena is polluted with
the dead and injured.

maximus spurs his horse and gallops toward the final
chariot -- the charioteer whips his horses and zooms
toward maximus --

the crowd is breathless -- watching the final battle --

maximus and the chariot speed toward each other -- like
medieval jousters --

and collide in a flashing explosion of steel --

maximus sails from his horse -- as the charioteer sails
from his chariot --

maximus lands hard but quickly pulls himself up, he races
to the final charioteer.  the charioteer is defeated but
not dead.

maximus glances around, all his opponents are defeated.

he stands over the final charioteer.  then he simply
tosses down his sword.

the crowd is stunned by this strange act of mercy.  but
then an enormous roar grows from the crowd -- wave after
wave of adulation for the hero of the day.

maximus looks around, taking it all in.

then he turns to the imperial box.

maximus slowly walks to before the the imperial box.  the
praetorian archers immediately raise their bows, pointing
down at him.

maximus glares up at commodus through his helmet mask.
commodus returns his gaze, curious.

the crowd is intrigued, growing quiet.  what is going on?

then maximus simply turns and begins walking away.

					commodus
		slave!  who are you?

the colosseum is suddenly silent.  the emperor is speaking
to a gladiator.

maximus keeps walking.

					commodus
		slave!  who are you?

maximus keeps walking, his fists clenched now.

commodus suddenly grabs a spear from a nearby praetorian
and hurls it with perfect aim -- the crowd gasps -- the
spear sails past maximus -- actually nicking his shoulder
-- it slices into the sand ahead of maximus.

maximus stops.

					commodus
		slave!  who are you?!

maximus can hold it no longer.  he spins to commodus --
ripping off his helmet mask -- and thundering:

					maximus
		i am maximus meridas, general of the
		felix regiment of the roman army and
		servant to the emperor marcus
		aurelius!

commodus eyes shoot wide -- lucilla bolts up -- gracchus
leans forward -- proximo is stunned -- the crowd is
mystified --

					maximus
		i am father to a murdered son and
		husband to a murdered wife and
		landlord to a murdered world -- and
		i will have vengeance!

the praetorian archers tense their bows -- ready to kill
the defiant slave --

but something extraordinary stops them.  almost as one
being the crowd roars -- they leaps to their feet and
thrust their thumbs up!  they cheer and stomp their
approval of maximus.

commodus looks around at the people of rome, amazed.

he finally plasters on a benevolent smile and thrusts his
thumb up!  the praetorians lower their bows.

and the crowd cheers.  never in the long, long history of
the colosseum have they ever seen such a thing.

maximus leads his gladiators out of the arena.

