ext.  provincial arena - day

proximo sits in a box with several other gladiator
trainers.  they drink wine and eat constantly.  a
perpetual chatter of wagers and odds and side bets.

the arena is only sparsely attended this day.

					proximo
		make it 600 sesterces for each
		decapitation.

					trainer #1
		how many strokes?

					proximo
		two.

					trainer #1
		for the great vibius, one stroke.

					proximo
		done.  400 sesterces for two
		strokes.

in the arena:

proximo's chained teams enter the arena, five teams.
maximus and juba are chained together.  some of the small
crowd cheers for vibius.  he acknowledges the cheers.  he
is chained to the weeping scribe.

in the box:

trainer #1 laughs.

					trainer #1
			(re: vibius)
		who's he with?

					proximo
		a greek scribe.

					trainer #1
		i'll raise the wager.

					proximo
			(smiles)
		give me odds, friend.

in the arena:

from the opposite end of the arena a dozen armored, very
scary andabatae thunder into the arena.  some of the crowd
cheers.

the andabatae immediately race for the chained teams and
the battle is on.

vibius spins into action -- dragging the weeping scribe
after him as he circles opponents and fights -- the scribe
is almost instantly killed -- vibius immediately hacks
through the scribe's wrist and frees himself, as proximo
surely intended.  vibius is now free to fight alone,
swinging the chain as an additional weapon.

juba's eyes dart everywhere as he tries to move with
maximus -- maximus neither helps nor hinders -- allowing
juba to pull him along --

proximo, now that his star vibius is safe, watched maximus
and juba closely.

juba fights well, with a strange elegance, his body
flowing like liquid -- but he is inexperienced.  he
strikes a few blows and then tries to move away -- finally
he is in trouble -- cornered -- a huge andabata is slicing
at him -- it is a desperate battle -- juba is losing --
his sword is slammed away -- the andabata raises his sword
for the kill --

and maximus strikes.

with a sudden roar he explodes into action -- he swings
past juba and blocks the blow meant for juba -- then he
slashes the andabata -- killing him -- he pulls juba after
him as he fights --

it is a dazzling display of maximus' skill -- he moves
through the andabatae at amazing speed -- spinning around
juba and protecting him -- slashing ruthlessly -- pulling
juba after him and commanding the battle -- juba recovers
a sword and they fight together.

in the box:

proximo watches, smiles.  a gladiator is born.

