143   int. tropicale - night                                        143

      in here, the music's loud rock 'n' roll. gringo music
      for a gringo bar. the place is busy, with plenty of
      local "hostesses" for the men. even armstrong, standing
      half-crocked at the bar, is flanked by two scantily-clad
      women. he's got a spoon hanging off his nose. so does one
      of the girls. armstrong's trying to hang a spoon on the
      other.

      gordy slips into the bar. spots armstrong through the
      crowd. sees armstrong's not wearing his cap, when...

      the girl with the spoon on her nose turns slightly,
      revealing she's wearing the cap. it's on backwards, but
      now gordy can see the "deerborn" logo clearly.

      gordy wants the guerrilla travel pass inside the cap.
      it's a desperate move, but he's got no choice. starts
      toward the girl, when...

      gordy sees the thin federale enter the front door. the
      thin federale sees him at the same time. begins moving
      in on him.

      gordy moves faster toward the girl.   and...

      the girl unwittingly does him a favor by taking off the
      cap and setting it on the bar, where it's easier to grab,
      and then turns her attention to armstrong's antics.

      the thin detective fights through the crowd after gordy.

      gordy's almost to the hat.

                                                     (continued)

                                                              57.

143   continued:                                                    143

      armstrong's still having trouble with the second girl's
      spoon.

                                 armstrong
                   i never met a nose i couldn't hang
                   a spoon on.

      gordy reaches the bar, snags the cap. glances back, sees
      the thin federale closing in, turns to run out the back,
      when...

      a strong hand stops him. the hand belongs to the fat
      federale. and now the thin federale's there, too,
      wielding a stun gun where gordy can see it. people in
      the bar fall silent. everyone but armstrong, who's
      finally hung the spoon on the second girl's nose.

                                 armstrong
                   yahtzee!

      and now armstong also realizes something's up. turns and
      sees gordy. sees the cap in gordy's hand as the fat
      federale addresses gordy --

                                 fat federale
                   come along, mr. pitt.

      whereupon armstrong shouts drunkenly at gordy --

                                 armstrong
                   police catch you trying to steal
                   my hat, you asshole?!

      he staggers toward gordy.    grabs the hat.

                                 armstrong
                   fucking hat thief!

      armstrong takes a drunken swing at gordy, but...

      instead of hitting gordy, armstrong accidentally-on-
      purpose clocks the fat detective. then hisses into
      gordy's ear, clearly not that drunk --

                                 armstrong
                   get outta here --

      but then armstrong's legs won't work as the thin federale
      jams the stun gun against his neck, and 10,000 volts
      surprise the armstrong neural network.

      gordy moves against the thin federale in anger, when...

      the fat federale zaps him with another stun gun, just
      behind the ear... and gordy gets to know the floor, too.

                                                                  58.

