299   ext. elc jungle village                                        299

      the second wave's gone. gordy and selena start to run
      again. buildings burn. the screaming's endless. gordy
      almost trips over the burned body of a child. and now...


300   third wave                                                     300

      blasts in over the treetops. these are the blackhawks
      carrying the assault troops. they use a "skid 'n' git"
      maneuver to insert the men, coming in hot, mini-guns
      blazing, barely touching down as the soldiers spill out,
      then tipping forward to gain speed and quick peeling out
      in a hard right turn.

      gordy and selena hit the dirt again as the choppers come
      in and land the troops, and the ground battle erupts.

      the assault team's ground commander, an american army
      captain, radios his men via comm-link --

                                 ground commander
                   we're going for body count.

                                                                 106.

301   gordy and selena                                                  301

      there's a break in the fighting nearest them. they jump
      up and start running for the trees edging the compound.


302   soldier on ground's pov (night-vision)                            302

      gordy and selena sprout from the ground and run.     the
      soldier opens fire.


303   back to gordy and selena                                          303

      bullets twitch the smoke around them. a slug plucks the
      ak from gordy's hand. they're almost to the trees.


304   soldier on ground's pov (night-vision)                            304

      gordy and selena are in his sights.     they'll never make
      the trees. when...

      the soldier's head whips around to face a guerrilla
      firing at him. he kills the guerrilla. then looks back
      at gordy and selena, and...

      they're gone.   into his comm-link --

                              soldier (o.s.)
                two in the jungle.

                                 ground commander (v.o.)
                hunt 'em.


