112   ext. small river                                              112

      the powerful torrent roars through the forest.

      gordy and the others reach the near bank, where the path
      drops into the water to reappear on the opposite bank.
      the man in the yankees cap is in the lead. he plunges
      into the fast water up to his waist. gordy and the rest
      splash in behind, struggling to cross against the swift
      current. the man in the yankees cap reaches the far
      bank. takes two steps, and...

                                                             46.

113   explosion                                                    113

      boom!   an explosion rips into him.


114   gordy and others                                             114

      stop mid-stream, but one of the group, a young woman,
      believing the blast was caused by the pursuing military,
      continues struggling to cross. an older man looks, sees
      the blast-hole.

                                older man
                  mina.

      gordy realizes the old man's saying "land mine."   to the
      young woman --

                                gordy
                  no!

      gordy moves to catch her.   just manages to stop her as
      she reaches the far bank.   gordy points to where the land
      mine detonated.

                                gordy
                  mina... mina...

      beat. slowly, the terrified young woman responds to the
      strong, calm tone of command in gordy's voice and the
      unpanicked, reassuring look on his face.

      gordy brings her back to the group, which fights to stand
      in the rushing river. he indicates for them to hold
      hands for stability. motions for them to stay.

                                gordy
                  alto.


115   gordy                                                        115

      leaves the group in the middle of the river. the gunfire
      is now far-off and sporadic. he crosses to the water's
      edge on the far bank. pulls the zippo from his pack and
      leans over. uses the flame to illuminate the mud and
      rock immediately in front of him. scratches lightly at
      the ground with the machete, searching for mines. finds nothing
      in that spot. and steps onto it.

      searching the ground and scratching at it with the
      machete before each step, gordy inches toward the man in
      the yankees cap. three steps from the river...

                                                     (continued)

                                                               47.

115   continued:                                                     115

      he finds a small, round anti-personnel mine the size of a
      hockey puck. he inches past it. moves past another.
      and another. to the writhing man in the yankees cap --

                                 gordy
                   don't move... don't move...


116   new angle                                                      116

      finally, gordy reaches him. one of the man's legs is
      missing below the knee. he's bleeding from various other
      wounds as well. gordy uses the zippo to inspect the area
      for more mines. then kneels in a footprint.

                                 gordy
                   you'll be okay... you'll be okay.

      he takes a bandanna from the man and ties a tourniquet
      around his thigh. by way of distracting him --

                                 gordy
                   guerrilla bastards.

                                 man in yankees cap
                   no... military... to stop
                   guerrillas.

      beat.   gordy finishes the tourniquet, when he sees...


117   young man                                                      117

      has left the group and emerged from the river in a
      different place to avoid the mines.

      gordy's eyes go to something glistening in front of the
      young man -- a taut nylon line ten inches off the ground.
      the kid's about to hit it. gordy shouts --

                                 gordy
                   no!   alto!

      the young man hears the alarm in gordy's voice and
      stops... but not before he plants his next step, and...

      the trip wire bows against his shin, and...

      gordy ducks, covers the man in the yankees cap, and...

      nothing happens. the young man just stands there, frozen
      in position, his leg still bowing the line.

                                                       (continued)

                                                              48.

117   continued:                                                    117

      using the zippo again to light his way, gordy advances to
      the young man. he follows the trip wire to where a coca-
      cola can hangs from a nearby tree. on closer inspection,
      gordy can see the can is sleeved around a grenade.
      there's no pin in the grenade. the can keeps the
      grenade's arming spoon in place. the trip wire's
      designed to yank the can off, allowing the grenade to
      explode at chest level... and the can's almost off.

      gordy burns through the monofilament trip wire. then
      carefully slides the coke can back over the grenade.


118   man in yankees cap - moments later                            118

      when gordy returns, the man's dead.    off gordy, looking
      down at the ny logo on the cap...


