93    ext. darien gap - various shots - day                            93

      gordy trudges on. the thick jungle's hot and humid,
      full of strange sounds and shadowy animal movements.

      gordy's going uphill, when he rounds a bend in the trail,
      and...

      he meets a man coming the other way. alarm gives way to
      the realization that the man is followed by a number of
      people, including women and children. as they pass
      gordy, it's apparent they're refugees from their haunted
      expressions and crude backpacks heavy with possessions...

      gordy addresses the passing people.     indicates where he's
      standing.

                                  gordy
                   aqui?   colombia?...

      no one replies. then a small colombian girl comes up and
      gets his attention. she runs back up the trail a short
      distance and stops. she draws a line in the dirt.

                                  colombian girl
                   panama.

      she jumps backward over the line.

                                                       (continued)

                                                              40.

93   continued:                                                     93

                                colombian girl
                  colombia.

     she does it again.

                                colombian girl
                  panama... colombia.

     she smiles. at the sound of a sharp whistle, however,
     she runs back quickly, passing gordy and rejoining her
     family. her father hands her a machete and a zippo
     lighter, says something to her. whereupon the little
     girl returns to gordy and holds the items out to him.
     beat. gordy takes them.

                                gordy
                  gracias.

     the little girl runs back again, and gordy watches the
     refugees disappear around the bend. then turns back
     uphill and approaches the line the little girl drew in
     the dirt. looks down at it. crossing over means he
     walks into a world dangerous enough to cause these people
     to flee for their lives, and...

     just as gordy charged into the fire-engulfed tenement
     past a tide of more sensible rats going the other way, he
     now steps over the line and advances into colombia.


