289   ext. elc jungle village - night                                 289

      gordy and selena ascend the bunker steps. they stop at
      the top and peer into the village. an armed guerrilla
      approaches, unaware of their presence. gordy fumbles
      with the ak-47, looking for the safety switch on the
      strange weapon. selena reaches over and expertly flicks
      it off. when...

      they hear the sound of the choppers.

      the guerrilla approaching them stops and looks up.
      and...


290   another angle                                                   290

      whoom! the first wave of blackhawks flashes over the
      village. selena and gordy barely have time to duck as
      rockets explode into ground targets, and front and door
      mini-guns spit bullet-streams that rip through people and
      structures. and then the first wave's past.


291   guerrillas                                                      291

      in the momentary lull after the first wave, guerrillas
      run to pre-arranged fighting positions. women and
      children are screaming.


292   selena                                                          292

      pulls gordy from the steps. they start to run. but not
      far. just seconds after the first wave of blackhawks has
      left, the second wave hits.


293   blackhawk co-pilot's pov (night-vision)                         293

      the village and all its details are visible as different
      shades of green.

      we see rockets streak toward parked guerrilla vehicles.

      we see rockets trail fire toward the tv in the school,
      which is then obliterated in a fiery explosion.

      wherever the co-pilot looks, the forward mini-gun aims
      its hellish rain of bullets. we track with a running
      guerrilla and see him chopped down, then swivel to a gun
      pit and watch the men there eat lead.


294   gordy                                                           294

      he sees the burning school. watches the continuing
      slaughter caused by the rockets and mini-guns.

                                                              105.

