262   int. underground bunker - day                                  262

      dark and dank. excavated clay walls and floor. heavy
      door. a bare overhead bulb provides some light.

      gordy lies on a metal bed frame. one of his legs is
      chained to the bed. he's in pain from being kicked --
      but the physical aches are nothing compared to the
      anguish he feels for having failed.

      the door's unlocked and opens. daylight streams in from
      above as the wolf enters with two guerrilla bodyguards.
      he moves to the middle of the room. looks at gordy.

                                 the wolf
                   one of the men in the jail with
                   you in mompos is dying. he was
                   burned in your explosion.

      gordy just looks at him.

      the wolf signals a bodyguard, who crosses to gordy and
      frees his leg from the chain.

                                 the wolf
                   you want to kill me? come and
                   kill me.

      the bodyguards are smiling. gordy hesitates, then
      springs for the wolf, and...

      the wolf immediately fells him with a choppy-looking
      karate combination. the wolf's no jet li -- his style's
      a throwback, even ugly, but it's well-practiced and
      brutally effective. even still, gordy springs back right
      away... and the wolf drops him again.

                                 the wolf
                   you americans think you have all
                   the answers. and really, you're
                   so naive...

                                                      (continued)

                                                                 92.

262   continued:                                                       262

      gordy comes up swinging. gordy's a barroom fighter. if
      he can touch you, you're in trouble. he never gets
      close. a vicious front kick folds him, and a fist drives
      him to the floor. the wolf stands over him.

                                 the wolf
                   ... you see one peasant with a
                   gun, and you never ask why he has
                   to have it. you just run to give
                   your billions to the nearest
                   soldiers, no matter how merciless
                   or corrupt they are.

      the last kick really hurt gordy.    he's slow rising.

                                 the wolf
                   that's why i'm teaching america a
                   lesson... that's why there'll be
                   more bombs... and more families
                   like yours will pay the price.

      the wolf wants to pique him, but this is pouring gasoline
      onto fire. gordy explodes off the ground. the
      suddenness and fury of the rush catch the wolf off guard.
      gordy drives him backward. slams him against a wall.
      then hooks an arm around the back of the wolf's neck and
      drives the other fist like a piston into his abdomen.
      all his weight behind the punches. trying to break ribs
      and crush them into the wolf's heart, when...

      a bodyguard slams the butt of an ak into gordy's kidneys.
      gordy takes the blow standing. the guard delivers a
      second, much harder shot, and gordy drops to his knees in
      agony. beat. the wolf recovers from the hammer-blows to
      his midsection. and then...

      he makes gordy pay for the punches. lands blow after
      blow on gordy's face. beats the living shit out of
      him... and leaves him unconscious on the dirt floor.


263   black                                                            263

      we hear a gentle clacking sound.    it's unidentifiable.


264   gordy's pov                                                      264

      the black becomes a blur. the blur becomes a hazy
      glimpse of selena. she's sitting on the metal bed frame
      nursing gordy's wounds. the clacking sound continues --
      it's made by sea shells that dangle from a bracelet on
      selena's wrist. the shells knock together as she washes
      gordy's wounds.

                                                       (continued)

                                                                     93.

264   continued:                                                           264

                                 selena
                   are you alright?


