406    ext. embassy - courtyard                                      406

       the fire escape leads down to a second-story balcony
       running around the inside wall of the courtyard. twin
       staircases lead from the balcony to ground level, where,
       across the slate-paved car court, a wrought-iron gate
       opens onto the street.

       gordy hits the balcony a half-second after selena. he
       grabs her. selena swings the crowbar to break his arm.
       gordy has to let go. selena heads for the stairs leading
       to the ground.


407    gordy's                                                       407

       got one chance to intercept selena. the balcony's too
       high for him to jump, but the courtyard's ringed with
       trees -- they're not close, but they're not far, either.
       not for a man craving revenge for the deaths of his wife
       and son, a man who also slides down fire poles for a
       living.

       gordy runs down the balcony. gains speed. jumps.
       launches off the balcony railing. and hurtles himself at
       the trunk of a medium-sized tree. he hits the trunk.
       hangs on. and slides to the ground. and now...


408    another angle                                                 408

       he's between selena and the only way out.   and there's no
       way she's getting past him.

       but that's not what selena's thinking. she attacks with
       the crowbar, and gordy can only retreat in the face of
       the vicious onslaught. he finds a nearby garbage can.
       it's full, heavy, but he manages to lift it, spilling
       garbage as he uses the can to block the blows from the
       crowbar. the crowbar thwocks into the can over and over,
       the sound echoing loudly in the small courtyard.

       selena swings again, and gordy moves to block the hit.
       it's a feint. she swings under the can and hits a leg.
       it hurts like hell, he stumbles, but he stays on his
       feet, still holding the can. selena goes for his head.

                                                      (continued)

                                                                129.

408   continued:                                                       408

      gordy raises the can. thwock! thwock! the can's all
      dents. there's garbage everywhere. she feints high and
      then swings low again, a wicked blow to the knee. gordy
      stumbles badly this time. selena breaks for the gate.
      gordy sees her and, with all his might slings the can
      across the slate pavers, and...

      the can takes selena's legs out from under her. she
      falls hard. gets back to her feet quickly and starts to
      run, when...

      gordy hits her like a linebacker. slams selena against a
      brick wall. gets behind her and slips a mighty arm
      around her thin neck. selena squirms hard, kicks
      backward, going for the balls, kneecaps, insteps, doing
      whatever she can to hurt gordy and get free. but she's
      not in a position to do a lot of damage -- and she'd have
      to kill him before he'd let go.

      gordy's got his arm locked in a police chokehold around
      selena's neck. uses his weight to force the smaller
      woman down onto her knees. presses her harder, till
      she's sitting back on her legs. selena can't drop out of
      the hold, and her legs are immobilized. all she can do
      is scratch. but gordy's oblivious. they're alone in the
      courtyard. body to body. head to head. he's pumped
      with fury and hatred. he tightens the chokehold. hisses
      in her ear --

                                 gordy
                   you killed them.

                                 selena
                          (beat; with
                           contempt)
                   one woman, one boy -- they mean
                   nothing next to the thousands
                   who've been slain.

      gordy hears it.    it only drives him to a deeper fury.

                                 gordy
                   they were my family.

      gordy's blind with rage. chokes her neck hard.
      summoning all the power in him, first to shut off her air
      and blood, and then to continue squeezing, relishing her
      every dying moment, until he's snuffed out the life of
      the person who took anne and matt from him. and...

                                                      (continued)

                                                                   130.

408   continued:    (2)                                                   408

      he can't... it's all he's wanted since he saw anne and
      matt die, but now he can't do it. he's a firefighter.
      he saves lives. if he kills selena, gordy crosses into
      her world, into brandt's world, into the brutal nightmare
      destroying colombia and all the places like it, and becomes
      part of that sadness and death... and...

      gordy relaxes the chokehold enough so she can breathe.
      selena gasps for air. the impulse to murder has left
      gordy. there's a new resolve...

                                 gordy
                   the killing ends here.

      beat.   selena pants.

                                 selena
                   it will never end.


409   new angle                                                           409

      under which an embassy security guard emerges from the
      building. he sees gordy and selena -- a large man
      holding a smaller woman in a chokehold. draws his gun.

                                   embassy security guard
                   let her go!

      gordy looks up at the nervous guard pointing his gun.
      selena screams.

                                 selena
                   please help me!

                                   embassy security guard
                   let her go!

                                   gordy
                   no.    you don't understand.

                                 selena
                   he's trying to kill me!

                                 embassy security guard
                   let her go, or you're dead!

      he's going to shoot. gordy has no choice.       as he lets
      selena go and stands --

                                 gordy
                   hold us both till the police get
                   here.

                                                               131.

410   another angle                                                   410

      it's too late. selena stomps a heel into the guard's
      knee, crushing it, then twists the gun from his hands.
      she points it at him and pulls the trigger, and...

      in his agitation, the guard never took the safety off.
      selena glances quickly at the gun to find the safety.


411   another angle                                                   41

      in the same moment, gordy grabs the crowbar from the
      ground.


412   selena                                                          412

      flicks off the safety and points the gun again.


413   gordy                                                           413

      hurls the crowbar with all his might, and...


414   new angle                                                       414

      the gun fires, just as the crowbar hits selena, spoiling
      her aim. the bullet creases the guard's arm. selena
      recovers. and the next bullet...


415   another angle                                                   415

      isn't hers. it's from phipps' gun. it takes selena in
      the middle of the back and explodes her heart on its way
      through her body. she's dead on her feet. her body
      crumples to the ground and empties its blood in a large
      pool that quickly spreads over the slate.


416   other agents                                                    416

      move in to help the guard as phipps holsters his pistol.
      he walks to gordy. the two men share a long, silent
      look. it's over. gordy looks again at selena's body in
      its pool of blood. then turns and goes.


417   brandt's                                                        417

      entering the courtyard as gordy walks out.   brandt's seen
      selena. he's smiling.

                                                     (continued)

                                                              132.

417   continued:                                                     417

                                 brandt
                   we got the bitch.

      gordy hits him. one of the jackhammer blows he slammed
      into claudio in the bunker. a hard fist deep in the gut
      that drives all the wind from brandt and drops him to his
      knees. beat. gordy's voice is cold and hard --

                                 gordy
                   you're no better than she is.

      and gordy goes.


