155   ext./int. jail                                                 155

      ka-boom! the front door and wall of the jail
      disintegrate under the multiple law attack.


156   new angle                                                      156

      brandt, rocha and the soldiers, approaching the front
      door inside, are hammered by the massive concussion of
      the blast and flung across the room, apparently dead.


157   another angle                                                  157

      the powerful, concussive shock-wave channels into the
      cell area. gordy's slightly protected by a wall.
      armstrong, standing at the bars, is thrown into the
      opposite wall and knocked unconscious.


158   guerrillas                                                     158

      charge inside with aks blazing.   surviving soldiers and
      federales shoot back.

      the blasts have caused fires in the building. severed
      wires spark, creating more fire. flames begin to spread
      through the tinder-dry structure.

                                                      (continued)

                                                                62.

158   continued:                                                      158

      the guerrillas take out the soldiers and federales, with
      few casualties to themselves. they make their way toward
      the cell area.

      exploding ammo and stored fuel cans accelerate the fire.


159   new angle                                                       159

      the guerrillas reach the cells. two men see gordy and
      draw down on him. the others move to the next cell.

      guerrillas plant small explosive charges on the hinges of
      the cell containing their two captured comrades. beat.
      the hinges blow. the beaten man and the rebel with him
      are freed, and the guerrillas quickly retreat the way
      they came.

      gordy sees flames spreading into the cell area.


160   guerrillas                                                      160

      exit the fiery jail past brandt.    we see brandt's not
      dead.


