89   ext. darien gap - various shots - day                         89

     gordy and ever pass through pristine tropical rain
     forest.


90   near stream                                                   90

     rushing fiercely through the jungle, ever uses his
     machete to cut two lengths of bamboo. he hands one to
     gordy and indicates how they'll ford the stream. gordy
     nods, then follows ever's lead into the perilous, belly-
     deep water. they struggle to maintain their balance,
     even with the sticks. when they reach the opposite bank,
     ever signs okay to gordy and smiles.


91   helicopter carcass                                            91

     they pass the carcass of a crashed and burned-out
     helicopter, when...

     two dangerous-looking men armed with assault rifles step
     out of nowhere onto the path ahead of gordy and ever.
     gordy and ever stop. gordy glances at ever. ever's
     focused on the men and clearly doesn't like what he sees.
     gordy looks back. the armed men advance toward them
     carefully, rifles in the ready position. gordy watches
     them approach, wondering who they are and what they're
     going to do. ever, frightened, takes a half-step back,
     then swings the length of bamboo fast and hard, and...

                                                     (continued)

                                                                 39.

91    continued:                                                       91

      he smashes it into the base of gordy's head, knocking
      gordy out.

      the men run up. one man covers gordy, while ever and the
      other man rifle his pack and toss his pockets. they take
      his passport, wallet, and an nyfd t-shirt. and then
      they're gone.


92    close on hummingbird                                             92

      hovering over gordy as he comes to.     as it flies off...


92a   gordy                                                            92a

      sits up. feels the bloody lump on his head. it hurts,
      but it's not serious. he searches his pockets and
      backpack, realizes the passport and wallet are missing.

      gordy stands. looks around. he's alone.      he's in the
      jungle... he keeps heading south.


