	int. wiltern theatre - auditorium and stage - night

	a new musical motif hangs in the air:  music announcing
	danger. 

	the audience watches intently, nervously. 

	on harry and dorothea.

				dorothea
			(a whisper)
		this is the new illusion.

	on stage, swann is bound to a spinning wheel, while the
	dancers, dressed like boschian demons, cavort around him,
	somersaulting and leaping over eruptions of yellow flame. 
	it's a scene from daniels inferno.  above him. a dozen
	glittering swords - six feet long - are descending.  he
	struggles to free himself.  the music gets more exciting as
	the wheel spins faster and faster. 

	suddenly, a sword drops.  it falls between swann's
	outstretched legs, skewering the wheel.  then another, close
	to his head. 

	on harry.  he's tense.  excited. 

	back to stage.  swann is free i  he throws off the last
	shackle and uses it to thrust into the mechanism of the
	wheel.  there's a theatrical blaze of white-hot sparks.

	the wheel slows.  he starts to step off it, as another of the
	the swords drops. 

	the audience gasps.  swann smiles, and trips. 

	as he falls, the sword runs through the middle of his back,
	carrying him down to the still-spinning wheel, and pinning
	him there.  some of the dancers continue to cavort.  some
	stop. 

	more gasps from the audience. 

	on harry, having a -- 

	flashback:  harry's hand turns over the final tar of card. 
	the scene on the stage is that image coming to life. 

				harry 
		there's something wrong... 

	on swann, as a second sword falls, skewering his thigh, and a
	third, running through his buttock, and a fourth and fifth,
	until ten swords have entered his body. 

	on the audience, not certain whether this is a trick or not.

	the music has stopped.  in the silence, somebody giggles
	nervously.  a couple of people break into applause, but it
	dies away in a matter of moments.

	on dorothea and harry

				dorothea
		no. . .

	on the stage, swann raises his head and looks out at his
	wife, his eyes already glassy with imminent death.  he
	reaches out towards her, and then sags on the wheel, dead. 

	there are gasps now from the audience.  murmurs of disgust;
	sobs of horror.

				1st audience member
		what happened?

				2nd audience member
		it's a trick.

				3rd audience member
		somebody help him.

	the curtains start to close.

	on dorothea, tears of shock filling her eyes.

				dorothea
			(to harry)
		i've got to get to him!

	the audience is rising now, as the horror of what they've
	seen sinks in.  there is panic.  a few people have fainted. 
	one or two are even praying. 

	harry carves out a path down to the stage for dorothea
	against the flood of the exiting crowd.

				harry
		out of the way!  out of the way!

	he helps dorothea onto the stage, and lifts the curtain so
	she can duck beneath it.

