          140    ext. cliff - 6:46 am                                          140
                 officer brucks gets out of the car, holding his rifle and
                 runs over to the jeep. he looks inside...

                                     officer brucks
                               (to the walkie-talkie)
                        it appears they've escaped. they ditched
                        their jeep.
                 officer brucks opens the front door of the car and peers
                 inside. he notices the bag of weed on the dashboard. he
                 opens it and tastes some weed in the same way a drug cop
                 would taste cocaine during a bust.

                                     officer brucks
                               (to the walkie-talkie)
                        good news. i found enough dope in the
                        car to send those skateboard punks to
                        jail for the next couple years. looks
                        like they've terrorized their last
                        convenience store.
                 suddenly, officer brucks realizes that the taste in his mouth
                 is strangely appealing. he thinks for a beat as he eyes the
                 bag of weed. he then takes another taste of it. he looks
                 again at the bag. like kumar, we can tell that he's in
                 love...

          140a   ext. old pick up truck - day (fantasy)                       140a
                 officer brucks and the bag of weed drink bottles of budweiser
                 while sitting in the back of a pickup truck.

          

                                double white revised pages   may 28 2003    100.

          

          

          140b   ext. skeet shooting range - day (fantasy)                   140b
                 brucks is skeet shooting, as the bag of weed watches.      brucks
                 gives the bag a kiss, after a successful round.

          140c   int. barn - night (fantasy)                                 140c
                 brucks is having sex with the bag doggy-style.    he slaps it's
                 "ass" as he goes.

                                                             dissolve to:

          140d   ext. cliff - night (back to reality)                        140d
                 brucks hugs and caresses the bag of weed, as he's lost in the
                 fantasy.

