          57    ext. hallway                                                   57
                harold and kumar run down the dorm hallway, grossed out.    as
                they run, they suddenly see--

          57a   int. common room                                            57a
                harold and kumar stop in their tracks when they see the east
                asian students association party in full blast. all the
                "nerdy" asian kids from cindy's room are grinding with each
                other as kenneth raps a filthy rap.
                harold and kumar look at each other in shock. some of the
                dancing asian chicks look pretty hot. kenneth jumps off the
                couch he was standing on, holding a big bag of pot brownies.

                                    kenneth
                       pot brownies for everyone!
                kenneth throws some pot brownies in the air. people grab at
                them. harold and kumar can't believe it.
                two cute asian chicks approach kenneth...

                                     cute asian chick #1
                       hey, k-dog!   can we have some brownies?

                                    kenneth
                       to tell you the truth, i'm running low.
                       but a quick titty flash may persuade me.
                the korean chicks look at each other. "should we?" "okay!"
                they lift up their shirts and bras, revealing their boobs.

                                    kumar
                       dude, i'm starting to think you made a
                       mistake by not going to this party...
                harold gives him a dirty look. then, suddenly, the security
                guard from before appears in the hallway with another

                security guard (#2)--

                                     security guard
                       hey, you!
                the guys turn and see the guards running at them. harold and

                kumar run as fast as they can down the hallway, with the

                guards chasing after them...

          

                               double white revised pages   may 28 2003   40.

          

          
               further down the hall, they pass the party. the partygoers
               watch as the guys run by, except for kenneth, who makes a
               quick grab at one of the topless girl's boobs. when she
               notices, kenneth quickly looks away, as if he did nothing.
               cindy kim notices harold...

                                     cindy kim
                      harold!
               they keep running, past the bathrooms, where christy and
               clarissa exit...

                                     christy and clarissa
                      kumar!
               they continue running.
               the guards are still running after harold and kumar, who see
               the exit doors just ahead. suddenly, the hippie asshole
               walks by, blocking their path.

                                   hippie asshole
                             (to himself)
                      where the hell is 109, man?
               harold is about to avoid him, but kumar grabs harold close
               and the two of them bash into the hippie asshole-- knocking

               him on his ass.
               harold and kumar burst out the doors and exit the dorm...
               the security guards run by the hippie asshole, but stop when
               they see his backpack, which is half-open, and is exposing
               the giant bag of weed. the security guard picks it up...

                                   security guard
                      well, well, well. what have we here?

                                   hippie asshole
                             (reaching for the bag)
                      aw, dude! don't take it! it's mine!
               he continues to protest as security guard #2 holds him down.

