     ext. bunker number two - day

     luggage is loaded into the humvee and the cart while troy
     directs iraqis 6 & 7; doc and vig help.

                         troy
               lay that one flat; ok, sideways --

                         archie gates
               this isn't gonna work.

                         troy
               sure it is --

     the cart collapses from the weight into a pile of broken wood.

     the vuitton bags roll onto the debris-cluttered ground, one
     goes through a pool of blood. doc picks the case up.

                         iraqi major
               you need a truck.

                         archie gates
               we'll rig two carts.

                         troy
               let's take the truck.

                         archie gates
               we're not taking their truck.

                         troy
               why not?

                         iraqi major
               we cooperate with peace accord.
               please take truck.

                         troy
               let's take the truck.

     archie looks vaguely disgusted.

     troy backs the truck up.

     vuitton hat cases are loaded into the back of the truck,
     which is completely full.

     archie sits behind the wheel of the humvee. vig sits next to
     him. archie starts the engine. iraqi 6 taps on the door of
     the humvee by way of saying goodbye. archie nods.

     the iraqi major points to the shiite woman.

                         iraqi major
               nazaran yafit haisul.

     archie watches as iraqis 6 & 7 walk directly to the circle of
     soldiers around the woman -- it is now clear she has been
     raped. they pull her from the group, they stand the woman in
     an open area and shoot her dead.

     troy jerks slightly in his seat and turns away. doc stares.

     archie bows his head to the steering wheel and leans there
     for a second as vig looks wide-eyed at the dead woman.

     the girl in arm casts screams. she is grabbed by the hair and
     pulled away by an iraqi soldier, but the man in glasses
     punches him and takes the girl. the soldier chases them with
     a knife and jabs at the man, cutting him, but not lethally.

     archie gets out of the humvee and slams the door, walks
     slowly toward the iraqi soldiers.

                         archie gates
               this has to stop.

     the iraqis look at him. the soldier with the knife continues
     to slash the man in glasses.

                         interrogator
               you get your ass kick in a war, it
               feel good to be strong again.

                         archie gates
               what did you say?

                         iraqi major
               you go now, please.

     he salutes archie.

                         archie gates
               i don't think so. i'm sure you
               know about the geneva convention,
               right?

                         interrogator
               geneva convention? you bomb my
               house, man.

                         iraqi major
               that shiite man is leader of
               uprising. he kill my man.

                         troy
               archie, let's stick to the plan,
               sir. the plan is for gold, right?

                         doc
               we can help them first, then be on
               our way.

                         troy
               no, we can't. it's not what we're
               here for.

                         archie gates
               how much?

                         iraqi major
               what?

                         archie gates
               how much gold do you want to let
               these people come with us?

     the iraqi major smiles. the interrogator laughs.

                         interrogator
               cannot do.

                         archie gates
               what do you mean, cannot do? i'm
               offering you a lot of money.

     the iraqi major continues smiling.

                         iraqi major
               cannot let shiite go --

                         interrogator
               saddam kill us.

                         iraqi major
               saddam kill to me if we let them
               go, ok? now you go.

                         archie gates
               cover me.

                         troy
               jesus christ, we can't save
               everybody.

                         archie gates
               are you listening? i said cover me.

     troy and doc stare at archie, then troy gets out of the
     truck, doc gets out of the humvee, and they nervously point
     their pistols. troy points his gun at iraqi 6, who has come
     forward with a rifle; doc points at iraqi 7, who has also
     come forward. to the rear, iraqi 6 stands with a rifle, near
     iraqis 2,3,4 and the sargeant stand over the eight
     prone shiite prisoners laying face down.

     vig nervously sits for a moment, then jumps to his feet and
     mans the mounted machine gun in the rear of the hummer.

                         archie gates
               no unnecessary shots, conrad, is
               that clear?

                         vig
               yes, sir.

                         archie gates
               because we know what bullets do to
               vital organs, don't we?

                         vig
               make infected pockets filled with
               bile, sir.

                         archie gates
               that's right, that's what they do.

     troy, doc, vig watch with trepidation as archie walks toward
     the soldier slashing the man in glasses, who carries the girl.

     archie reaches over and grabs the slasher's wrist, pulling
     the blade away from the man's body. he holds the soldier's
     wrist up. the soldier grabs for archie's throat with his free
     hand, but archie grabs this hand and twists it away, putting
     the iraqi into a choke hold. the soldier drops the knife in
     the dirt.

     the bloodied man in glasses collapses to the ground,
     clutching the little girl in arm casts.

     troy, doc, vig point their guns. the iraqi major is pissed.

     archie sweeps the soldier's feet out, pins the soldier face
     down on the ground, and throws the soldier's gun away. archie
     helps the shiite man in glasses to his feet, takes the girl,
     and walks them over to the humvee.

     two shiite prisoners try to stand up, the iraqi guards kick
     them back down.

                         iraqi major
                      (pissed)
               u.s.a. is out of shiite war.

     the iraqi major raises his machine gun as he stands next to
     the humvee, but archie grabs the barrel and holds it down.

                         archie gates
               no shooting.

     troy looks scared as he points his pistol at the iraqi
     soldiers, who point their rifles back at troy and doc.

     cut back to the major pauses, then smashes the barrel of his
     machine gun, with archie's hand, against the humvee.

     archie winces, but doesn't let go. the major does it again,
     smashing archie's hand. archie winces, doesn't let go. the
     major tries to jerk the barrel up, but archie pushes it down,
     and it fires by accident, into the major's leg. the major
     howls with pain. blood dribbles out the bottom of his pants
     leg like piss.

     troy covers iraqi 6 with his rifle.

                         troy
               what's happening?

                         archie gates
               accident. stay cool.

     vig nervously swings the mounted machine gun from one iraqi
     in the rear to another, but doesn't shoot. iraqi soldiers
     point their rifles at the americans.

     angle on troy

                         troy
               no.

     whip pan to iraqi 6 jerks his rifle toward archie and fires.

     the sound cuts out.

     slightly slow motion: whip pan from iraqi rifle to archie.

     the only sound is the bullet piercing the flesh of archie's
     lower left arm and tearing his muscle as it passes through.
     archie grimaces violently in pain.

     slightly slow motion: troy fires his pistol. no sound except
     for the slow motion sound of the bullet exploding.

     slow motion: the bullet tears through iraqi 6's chest.

     the only sound is the iraqi's heartbeat, the bullet tearing
     flesh and crushing bone, and the heartbeat stopping with a
     violent splash. iraqi 6 falls to the ground with only a dull
     thud and the slow clank of his gear.

     regular speed: vig swings the mounted machine gun from one
     iraqi to another, but still doesn't shoot. he looks terrified
     as his thumbs twitch on the triggers.

     iraqi 7 fires twice.

     slightly slow motion: a bullet tears into troy's chest with
     a dull snap. he winces in pain.

     pan to the windshield of the humvee shatters behind doc; he
     turns and fires his pistol.

     pan to -- slightly slow motion: no sound except the bullet
     tearing into iraqi 7's knee, smashing through bone. he falls
     to the ground clutching his leg.

     slightly slow motion: vig swings the mounted machine gun and
     fires. no sound but the slow cracks of the red tracer bullets
     exploding from the gun.

     slow motion: tracer bullets slice across the face of iraqi 5
     and iraqi 2 in the rear, no sound but the bullets breaking
     through bone and flesh.

     slow motion: archie jams his pistol under the major's chin
     and fires -- the only sound is the. slow explosion of the gun,
     and the slow tearing of tissue, ending with a sharp snap as
     the tissue, bone, and the bullet crack out the top of the
     iraqi major's head.

     high angle looking down -- replay of entire shoot out at
     regular speed. ending on the wide-eyed little girl with her
     hand in her mouth, staring.

     another angle -- replay of entire shoot out at regular speed.
     ending on troy wincing as he holds his chest.

     the dead iraqi major lies face down in sand with eyes open;
     the interrogator holds his hand and weeps.

     archie's lightly blood-flecked face stares down at the dead
     major, clouds pass overhead.

     dead iraqi 6 lies with legs twisted under his body.

     a rivulet of blood trickles through the sand. a spider runs
     across it and gets stuck.

     low angle up at doc, stone still, staring straight ahead as
     clouds pass slowly above him in the sky.

     vig nervously swings the mounted machine gun back and forth.

     troy, drenched in sweat, looks pained as he unbuttons his
     shirt: there's a gunshot in his kevlar vest. the slug drops
     out of the dent, into his hand -- he exhales.

     iraqis 2, 3, 4, and the sargeant, throw their hands up in
     surrender and drop their weapons.  big iraqi 2 walks toward
     the humvee in surrender, and bows down.

     archie points.

                         archie gates
               cover these three.

     vig swings the mounted machine gun toward the three remaining
     iraqi soldiers who stand over eight terrified shiites.

                         archie gates
               doc.

     doc follows archie over to the three iraqi soldiers.

                         doc
               down.

     the soldiers get on their knees, pleading for mercy.

                         iraqi soldier
               kazal stan hamir in fatar.

     doc takes the iraqi soldiers' guns and pushes them down.

                         archie gates
               put the shiites in the humvee.

                         troy
               there's no room.

                         archie gates
               make room.

                         troy
               what the fuck happened to
               necessity?

                         archie gates
               it just changed.

                         troy
               not for me.

     shiites and iraqi soldiers watch the debate nervously.

                         archie gates
               obey the fucking order, barlow.

                         troy
               this is fucked up.

     doc points to the shiites.

                         doc
               what if that was you?

     troy displays the gunshot in the kevlar.

                         troy
               what if this was you not wearing
               kevlar?

     suddenly, the sound of an approaching tank. they turn.

     a tank rolls toward them fast, down a narrow side street,
     followed by a truck with a rocket launcher.

                         troy
               great, a fucking tank. that should
               send us on our way.

                         vig
               grenade launcher, sir.

     vig struggles to lift the grenade launcher.

                         archie gates
               no. let's get out of here.

                         troy
               it's about fucking time.

     troy jumps into the luggage-packed truck, starts the engine.
     vig starts the humvee; archie jumps in next to vig.

     pan to the eight shiites, plus the man in glasses and the
     little girl, jam into the crowded humvee. doc jumps in.

     the tank approaches. the humvee pulls away. the tank rolls in
     from the side, but the tank turret whines and clicks, stuck
     in place. an iraqi pops out the top of the tank.

                         tank iraqi
               hazal mafan.

     he gestures to the whining, stuck, turret. another iraqi
     tries pushing the turret. the truck with the small rocket
     launcher pulls up.

