		int.  tenement - day
		
		it's only been a few hours.  anderton, still blindfolded by
		his dressings, is unaware of the precrime ship that passes by
		the open window, grimy curtains blowing in the breeze.
		
		he takes the inhaler dr. eddie had left him from his pocket. 
		he feels it in his hand a moment, then takes a long hit.
		
		he listens to the muffled voices that float in through the
		paper-thin walls; a cacophony of human sound above, below,
		and all around him.  tick... tick... tick...
		
		                    sean (v.o.)
		          how much time, dad?
		
		now, gradually, light begins to fill the room as we...
		
		                                             dissolve to:
		
		a public pool - day
		
		crowded.  laughing kids.  yelling parents.  anderton stands
		in the shallow end looking at his watch as his six-year-old
		son breaks the surface of the water.
		
		                    anderton
		          twelve seconds.  a new record.
		
		the boy smiles, clings to the side.
		
		                    sean
		          okay... now let me time you.
		
		                    anderton
		          are you kidding?  there's
		          absolutely positively no way, on my
		          best day, i could ever beat twelve
		          seconds!
		
		                    sean
		          come on!
		
		                    anderton
		          all right, i'll try...
		
		sean hauls himself up onto the side, lets his feet dangle in
		the water.  anderton takes his watch off, hands it to him.
		
		                    anderton
		          you better take this.
		
		the kid takes it, delighted to be holding his father's watch.
		
		                    sean
		          okay -- ready?  set... go!
		
		and now we go under with anderton as he sinks down to the
		bottom of the pool, shuts his eyes to all of the activity and
		muffled sound around him.
		
		and now we wait.  five seconds... ten seconds... twenty
		seconds... and then a shiny glint as...
		
		we see his watch sink past his face and now he opens his
		eyes.  he snatches it, and anderton now pushes up to...
		
		the surface.  where anderton, squinting against the sun's
		glare, looks to the side of the pool.  his son is gone.
		
		                    anderton
		          sean?
		
		he moves to the side and pulls himself out of the pool.
		
		                    anderton
		          sean anderton?  where are you?
		
		he looks around at all the faces, the other kids, parents, a
		dull panic setting in now as we...
		
		crane up and away from a frantic anderton now pushing his way
		through the crowd.  shouting for his son...
		
		                    anderton
		          sean!!
		
