		fade in: a series of images
		
		some coming at us fast and furious, some slowed down, and
		some still as photographs, none making sense to us yet:
		
		a hand picks up a pair of scissors... the face of abraham
		lincoln.  the scissors poke through the eye.  a newspaper boy
		rides by on a recumbent bike.  a news paper hits the ground. 
		snip go the scissors and now we see...
		
		a man's face watching us -- muscular, handsome -- with a
		kid's face beside his own.  the same man's face with the
		kid's face on the other side of him, now facing backwards. 
		snip go the scissors and we now see...
		
		a woman admires herself in a mirror.  water runs into a
		bathtub.  a hand reaches for a doorknob.  we move through it,
		leaving the door open behind us.  a flight of stairs.  snip
		go the scissors and we now see...
		
		the woman unbuttons her blouse as the man -- now half-nude,
		watches from a doorway.  we start up the stairs.  a door at
		the top, slightly ajar.  snip go the scissors and we see...
		
		the woman at the mirror.  the man comes up behind her and
		enfolds her in his arms.  snip and we see...
		
		a kiss on the neck.  snip.  snip.  and we continue on up the
		stairs.  we're at the door now.  snip.  a hand now dips into
		the rush of water from the spout, testing it.  snip snip snip
		and we see...
		
		the woman smiling into the mirror, pleased with her
		reflection.  snip snip and we see...
		
		the woman and the man on the bed making love.  another man's
		face rising over the bed now as he watches.  the woman looks
		over her lover's shoulder, sees the face and sits up...
		
		the man by the bed is smaller than the lover, older, but
		enraged as he now raises the scissors and we pull away to
		reveal:
		
		that we're looking at the image as it plays out inside the
		dark pupil of a human eye.  the eye blinks and now we go...
		
		wider, we're looking now at a female face staring up at us --
		eyes blue as gas flames -- floating in some sort of white
		liquid as she looks up at us and speaks:
		
		                    female face
		          howard --
		
		pulling back still further we see a male face next to her:
		
		                    male face
		          i forgot my glasses.
		
		the scissors snip.
		
		                    male face
		          you know how blind i am without
		          them.
		
		we see the woman in the bedroom
		
		as she screams and the man stabs her in the throat with the
		scissors as now the muscular man gets out of the bed, tries
		to run for the safety of the bathroom, gets stabbed in the
		back.  quick flashes of the scissors as the muscular man goes
		down.
		
		the bloody scissors bounce open onto the bathroom floor.
		
		now blood-red water begins to overflow onto the floor.  we
		follow the water through the cracks and lines in the tile, to
		an outstretched hand, still, striped with blood.  we then...
		
		                                             dissolve to:
		
		the three faces
		
		as they shut their eyes, begin to slowly sink back down into
		the white liquid as they all whisper together:
		
		                    the three of them
		          murderer.
		
		as their faces disappear into the milky void, we hear a siren
		alarm and now see...
		
		a red ball - analytical room
		
		rolling fast down a chute from the top right corner of frame. 
		and now another red ball rolls down from the top left corner. 
		the motion is slowed for an instant so that we can see names
		etched into it: sarah marks.  and then: donald doobin.
		
		it rolls past and now a second red ball rolls right at us
		from the top left.  the motion on this one is slowed for an
		instant so that we can read the name etched into the side:
		"howard marks".  just as it rolls over to us, we now see...
		
		inside precrime headquarters - main floor
		
		slides open, revealing senior detective john anderton.  mid
		thirties, military haircut.  he pushes through a second,
		pressurized door, leading us past a series of glassed-in
		offices and viewbicles.
		
