		ext.  subway station - dupont circle - day
		
		as anderton explodes onto street level and takes off running. 
		he runs close to a wall, the advertisements flashing at him. 
		he dodges people left and right, but doesn't slow down...
		
		anderton runs faster and faster, it's starting to sink in
		that his life has changed forever... that he's now and
		forever a hunted man.
		
		anderton turns down an alley.  one of the hover cops is now
		behind him... gets ahead of him, swings around and cuts him
		off.  anderton stops, sees the others landing at the other
		end of the alley.  we hear a dog barking o.s.
		
		                    fletcher
		          don't run, chief.  you know we'll
		          catch you.  you trained us.
		
		                    anderton
		          everybody runs.
		
		                    fletcher
		          you don't have to do this, chief.
		
		                    anderton
		          you don't have to chase me,
		          fletcher.
		
		he stares at fletcher.  the dog goes quiet.
		
		                    fletcher
		          chief, please...
		
		anderton sees knott reaching behind his back, coming out with
		the halo.  the cop behind anderton takes out his sick-
		stick... all of them begin moving in forcing anderton back
		against the wall, a window behind him...
		
		                    knott
		          easy does it, chief.
		
		anderton keeps one eye on the sick-stick, the other on the
		halo.  when suddenly a huge dog hits the glass.
		
		anderton grabs the sick-stick and shoves it at knott, then
		ducks as knott pukes on the other cop.  anderton starts up
		the fire escape...
		
		the hover cops blast up after him, one of them hitting the
		floor grating on the landing as anderton climbs through...
		
		on the landing a hover cop floats up, just off the landing
		and draws his sick-stick.  anderton reaches out and hits the
		hoverpacks quick release and the pack rockets up and away as
		the cop now falls.
		
		several other hover cops fly up the building.  one of them
		jumps anderton on the fire escape.  anderton slams him into
		the window.  the cop kicks back and anderton swings out,
		hanging onto the ladder... dangling... he looks down...
		
		the other cops are now jetting up towards him... a moment...
		then anderton lets go... falls... going down towards the
		other cops coming up... one of them looks up, it's knott...
		
		he gasps as anderton falls onto him.  hangs on.  the other
		cops blurring past as they fly up... they turn and look at
		anderton and knott now plummeting... the ground coming up
		fast... when...
		
		anderton grabs the throttle and hits the gas and the
		hoverpack slows down, anderton and knott hovering just above
		the ground as the other cops now once more descend...
		
		knott tries to fight back and anderton hits the throttle and
		smacks knott back-first into the wall... and then up along
		the side of the building, taking out planter boxes as they
		go... hitting a window awning which catches fire from the
		thrusters.
		
		the rest of the cops fly up as anderton now knocks away the
		burning awning, sees the ascending cops and sweeps knott and
		the hoverpack down and hits the thrusters... blasting the
		cops...
		
		anderton (still hanging onto knott) drops and hovers, then
		races along the building, scraping knott against the brick. 
		they head for the wall of another building when anderton
		veers them off...
		
		anderton and knott head up a construction tube, it catches
		fire behind them.  they race up, the fire racing right behind
		them.  at the end of the tube we see hover cops waiting...
		
		but anderton and knott thrust through, head right into a
		hanging scaffolding, scattering debris down onto the cops. 
		anderton and knott race around the corner.
		
