		int.  solarium - night
		
		anderton, barefoot and shirtless, still in his suitpants,
		eats a bowl of cereal while the talkshow he taped earlier in
		the day before plays out on the television.
		
		                    anderton (tv)
		          in the middle of the civil war, for
		          example, abraham lincoln suspended
		          the writ of habeas corpus observing
		          that a limb may be sacrificed to
		          save a life, but a life is never
		          wisely given to save a limb.
		
		anderton doesn't watch it.  instead, he stares stupidly at
		the images of snap, crackle and pop dancing around on the
		cereal box that sits on the coffee table in front of him.
		
		                    margis (tv)
		          let me ask you something, chief? 
		          you're a former police officer --
		          when was the last time you
		          mirandized someone?
		
		the on tv anderton just smiles at her.
		
		                    margis (tv)
		          you have the right to remain
		          silent?  you have the right to an
		          attorney?
		
		he turns, looks up at the set and now we go...
		
		close on margis
		
		                    margis (tv)
		          when's the last time you actually
		          said those words?
		
		anderton
		
		mutes the set, stares back at her when we hear --
		
		                    anderton's voice
		          what are you looking at?
		
		anderton turns and sees a holographic image of lara, his ex
		wife, standing at the window, looking out at the rain.
		
		                    lara
		          just the rain.
		
		she turns and looks off to a spot in the room where anderton
		would have been standing all those years ago with the camera,
		
		                    lara
		          why don't you put that camera down
		          and watch it with me?
		
		now anderton puts down the bowl of cereal, gets up and walks
		over to her, but the image blinks out, then starts all over
		again...
		
		anderton turns and walks across the room.  we now see a dozen
		holographic images from his old life playing around the room. 
		he sits down in an armchair and watches them play out.
		
		he holds a black inhaler to his lips, sucks in the drug, then
		looks about at the images as, gradually, the holographs begin
		to fill in, become real.  to him anyway.
		
		sean (age 6) walks up beside him dressed in a yellow rain
		slicker.  anderton looks over at him, standing there silent. 
		he says something, but there's no audio, or at least we don't
		hear it.  the image jumps, then repeats, the boy walking up
		in the slicker, his mouth moving silent.  then again...
		
		anderton reaches out for his son, but the boy disappears.  in
		his place, floating green letters read: 
		
		                        end of file
		
		anderton sits up and rubs his face.  he starts to get up,
		then pauses, looks down at the floor beside the chair.
		
		a puddle of water has formed.  he stares at it a moment, a
		drop of water falls from above and anderton slowly looks up
		at...
		
		the glass ceiling of the solarium
		
		a long crack in the glass up there.  rain pelts it.  water
		drips down and forms a puddle on the floor.
		
		anderton looks around the room and we see a half dozen end of
		file's all over the room now.
		
