12	int. gotham museum - night

	a giant drilling truck points up through the rubble of the
	shattered museum floor.

13	wider. a great hall bearing the skeleton of a mighty
	brontosaur amongst a myriad of other exotic antiquities.
	all frozen.

14	hold on a giant diamond case

	the case begins to glow blue, then white, the shatterproof
	glass exploding into a thousand flying fragments.

15	rack in through the storm of ice and glass, across the
	frozen floor, past exhibits of aztec ruins peppered now
	with three frozen guards, up stone steps of a pyramid
	altar to reveal...
          ...a silver suited figure stands, bald head visible beneath a
	helmet, 
		a high-tech bazooka in his hand.  mr. freeze

			freeze
		the iceman cometh.

16	wider

	a gang of thugs in thermal suits, the icemen, skate to the
	base of the steps.  two hold a moaning, shivering guard
	captive.

			guard
		please.  show some mercy.

	freeze begins down the altar steps.  a shimmering, terrifying
	god.

			freeze
		i'm afraid my condition has left me
		cold to your pleas of mercy.

17	freeze fires his weapon, the beam of cryonic energy
	engulfing the guard, turning him to ice.

			freeze
		(knocks on the guard's cheek)
		copsicle.

	freeze closes, now, on the shattered case.

			freeze
		in this universe, there is only one
		absolute.  everything...

	freeze swipes away the shattered glass and steel, from the
	debris lifts a tremendous diamond.

			freeze
		...freezes.

	freeze holds the diamond high over his head, the light
	hitting the gem like a star.

18	the skylight - close.  explodes.
					batman free-falls into
	the room, hitting the brontosaurus and sliding down its neck,
	 smashing freeze with his feet, the diamond sliding
	across the frozen floor.

			freeze
			(aiming his pistol)
		bat on ice, anyone?


19	batman kicks the pistol high in the air, catches it.

			batman
		didn't your mother ever tell you not
		to play with guns?

20	freeze cartwheels across the room, kicking the gun away
	from batman, catching it in mid air.

			freeze
		you're not sending me to the cooler.

21	freeze fires.  batman dodges the blast.  freeze takes aim
	again.

22	the front doors - close.  blow open
  		robin, on the redbird, flies into the room.

23	batman uses the distraction, flying-kicks the gun into
	the air.

24	robin soars over freeze's head, kicks the airborne gun to
	the altar atop the giant pyramid.

			robin
		score.  and the crowd goes wild.

25	robin lands, laying his bike sideways in a slide,
	knocking a precious vase into mid air.  he grabs a statue,
	using it to whip around in a dismount.

26	batman catches the falling vase, replaces it, as robin
	skates beside him.  the two heroes race for freeze.

			freeze
		grab the gem.  kill the heroes.

28	more incemen in hockey masks, sticks in hand, rush the
	caped crusaders from both sides.

29			robin
		it's the hockey team from hell.

30	freeze is racing towards the altar and his fallen gun.
	six guards rush in through a side door and swarm the
	unarmed freeze.  mistake.

	freeze begins wailing on the guards.  it's a straight
	display of fisticuffs executed with unbelievable speed
	and precision, hooks, jabs, upper and lower cuts
	all perfectly delivered, felling the assault force.

30a			freeze
		cop-suey.

	he begins racing again for his gun.

31	batman and robin begin a martial arts extrordinaire,
	blocking stick blows, punching and kicking the icemen.

32	the gem lays on the ice behind the wall of advancing
	icemen.

33/34	batman and robin grab two assailants, slipping between
	their legs, skates popping out of their boots, as they
	snatch the icemen's sticks and trip the villains.

35	freeze has made it to his gun.  he turns, fires, creating
	an ice bridge to the floor.

			freeze
		caution.  bridge may ice over.

35a	he slides down the ice bridge to the floor below.
	starts racing for his giant drilling truck.

36	batman begins skating towards freeze.

			batman
		you get the ice.  i'll get the iceman.

37	robin skates through the thugs, double sticking,
	check-ing them wildly into the boards, reaches 
	down and scoops up the diamond.

			robin
		sweet.

38/39 freeze is racing towards his truck, batman closing fast
	behind him.
				freeze spins and fires.

40	batman ducks, using his cape as an ice shield, deflecting
	the beam into a closing iceman behind him, freezing the
	villain solid.

41	freeze disappears behind the giant brontosaurus.

42	robin skates into line with batman, both heading fast for
	freeze.

				robin
			(shows the diamond)
		i got mine.  where's yours?

43	freeze fires his gun, freezing the legs of the mighty
	brontosaur.

				freeze
		what killed the dinosaurs?  the ice age.

44/45 freeze pushes on the belly of the beast, the mighty
	 creature toppling forward, exploding in front of batman
	 and robin.

46				robin
		he's definitely extinct.

47/48 batman and robin skate fast to avoid the debris.

49	an iceman flies in from the side, hitting robin's hand,
	sending the gem flying free.

50	another iceman skates to the gem, hitting it with his
	stick, sending the diamond flying up onto the landing by
	the front doors.

51	freeze has made it to his truck, is climbing towards the
	hatch.

52	the icemen are a rushing wall between the caped crusaders
	 and the gem.  batman and robin skate toward the villains,
	pulling flagpoles from a display as if they are about to
	joust the icemen.
	at the last second, batman and robin drive their poles
	into the ice, vaulting over the heads of the icemen
	towards the landing and the waiting gem above.

53	freeze has climbed to the hatch of his vehicle.

				freeze
		hit me boys.

54/55 batman and robin land on the landing inches from the gem.
	 an iceman skates from the wings, with a slapshot, sends
	the diamond flying.

56	freeze's glove - close.  the diamond hits.  a perfect
	catch.

				freeze
		thanks for playing.

57	freeze drops into the cab of his giant drilling truck.
	the hatch starts to slide closed.

58				batman
		round up the thugs.  i'll get freeze.

59/60 batman leaps onto the banister, slides standing down the
	rail and jumps, dropping into the closing hatch after
	freeze.

