296	ext. gotham alley - night

	groups of motorcycle gangs have gathered. each is represented 
	by a single racer.  leather clad.  costumed.  dyed hair.  pierced 
	faces. boys and girls for whom speed is a drug, the streets their 
	home.

	barbara pulls up her bike.  a rider (banker) looks her up
	and down.

				barbara
		what's the entry fee?

				banker
		two-fifty.

	barbara nods, hands the cash.  another biker (spike) steps
	forward.

				spike
		you got a handle?

				barbara
		folks call me three-jump.

				spike
		you're the babe won the tunnel run
		two nights ago.  that was trike
		racing. this is the big time.  maybe
		you should ride my hog instead.

	barbara smiles.

				barbara
		how about a side bet?

	as spike and barbara move in line beside the other racers,
	another helmeted racer emerges from the shadows to pay his
	entry fee.  his face hidden by his helmet, barbara can't
	see that it's dick.

	the racers, all helmeted, are in their starting positions.
	engines are revved.  banker raises a pistol in the air and
	fires.

298	bikers shoot into the street.  some go over the tops of
299	cars, others across the tops of stoops. barbara watches as a 
	biker beside her careens into an exploding pile of trash cans.

300	two bikers are going neck and neck towards a racing
301	truck.  they split at the last instant, fly up off parked
302	cars, then hit the ground, one spinning out, the other
	taking a position at the front of the pack.

303	barbara, spike, two others hold the lead, leaving the
	rest in the dust.  one of the bikers hits an oil skid,
	flies into a fireball.

304	the finish line is a series of flashing yellow warning
	beacons atop the incomplete construction of a draw-bridge
	in the near distance.

	the race is down to three, barbara, spike and a third
	biker, all racing now onto the bridge, riveted steel
	beneath their wheels.

305	the finish line is coming up fast, and just beyond the
	line of flashing cones, an abyss separating the two as yet
	unconnected sides of the bridge.  the trick is to cross the
	finish line first, but not so fast you can't brake before
	going over the edge into the water below.

306	spike is trying to keep up.  but he's coming up on the
	finish line too fast for his taste.

				spike
		crazy broad.

307	he hits his brakes, slowing, falling out of position.
	barbara looks across to see the racer on the other side.
	barbara can't see his face, but it's dick.

308	the finish line is coming up fast.  instead of braking,
	both gun their engines.

309	the finish line - close.  barbara flies over the line,
	dick a hair behind her, and then both shoot over the edge
	of the unfinished bridge, into the air, soaring high above
	the abyss.

310	dick's front wheel hits the metal roadway on the other
	side of the gap, spinning rubber catching steel.

311	barbara's front wheel hits the edge badly, rolling
	backward.

312	dick spins over his shoulder, sees what's happening.
	barbara's bike is losing purchase, slipping backwards
	over the edge.

313	dick ditches his still moving bike and helmet, rolling
	off on tucked shoulder, leaping towards the edge as
	barbara's bike finally slips, she and her hog tumbling
	downwards into the abyss.

314	dick's jump sends him over the edge, hands extended, feet
	catching the lip of the bridge, hand grabbing barbara's
	ankle, her bike plummeting beneath her as her helmet falls
	into the water below.

315	dick hangs by one foot, holding a dangling barbara by her
	ankle.

				dick
		so, this is where you hang out.

